abietic acid
ablative absolute
able seaman
able-bodied seaman
abnormal psychology
about ship
abscission layer
absente reo
absentee ballot
absentee landlord
absentee vote
absit omen
absolute alcohol
absolute altitude
absolute ceiling
absolute humidity
absolute idealism
absolute magnitude
absolute majority
absolute monarchy
absolute music
absolute pitch
absolute temperature
absolute value
absolute zero
absorbent cotton
absorption spectrum
abstract expressionism
abstract noun
abundant number
abundant year
academic freedom
academic year
accent mark
access time
accession number
accessory nerve
accident insurance
accommodation bill
accommodation ladder
accommodation train
according as
according to
account book
account current
account for
account payable
account receivable
accumulation point
acetate rayon
acetic acid
acetic anhydride
acetone body
acetylsalicylic acid
achievement age
achievement quotient
achievement test
achromatic lens
acid drop
acid dye
acid rock
acid soil
acid test
acidophilus milk
aclinic line
acorn barnacle
acorn squash
acorn worm
acoustic mine
acoustic nerve
acoustic phonetics
acquired taste
acriflavine hydrochloride
acrylic acid
acrylic resin
act curtain
act on
act out
act up
acting area
actinic ray
actinide series
actinium series
action painting
activated sludge
active duty
active immunity
active list
active service
acute accent
acute alcoholism
ad hoc
ad hominem
ad infinitum
ad interim
ad lib
ad libitum
ad litem
ad nauseam
ad rem
ad val.
ad valorem
add up
adding machine
addressing machine
adenosine triphosphate
adhesive plaster
adhesive tape
adipose fin
adjutant bird
adjutant general
admiralty metal
adobe flat
adrenal gland
adrenocorticotropic hormone
adsuki bean
advance guard
adverse possession
advocatus diaboli
adzuki bean
aeolian harp
aerial bomb
aerial ladder
aerial mine
aerial perspective
aerial photograph
aerial torpedo
aeronautical engineering
aesthetic distance
affaire d'honneur
afternoon tea
agate line
agent provocateur
agonic line
agony column
aileron roll
air alert
air bag
air base
air bed
air bladder
air brake
air cargo
air coach
air conditioner
air conditioning
air cover
air curtain
air cushion
air cylinder
air drill
air fleet
air force
air gas
air gun
air hammer
air hole
air jacket
air lane
air letter
air line
air log
air mass
air mile
air plant
air pocket
air power
air pump
air raid
air rifle
air route
air sac
air scoop
air service
air shaft
air sleeve
air sock
air space
air spring
air station
air turbine
air valve
air vesicle
air-raid shelter
air-raid warden
air-sea rescue
air-traffic control
aircraft carrier
al dente
alarm clock
alder buckthorn
algebraic number
alginic acid
alimentary canal
alkali disease
alkali flat
alkali metal
alkali soil
alkaline earth
alkyd resin
all clear
all fours
all hail
all in
all right
alla breve
alla prima
alley cat
alligator lizard
alligator pear
alligator wrench
alloy steel
alluvial fan
allyl alcohol
allyl resin
alma mater
almond oil
alpha decay
alpha iron
alpha particle
alpha ray
alpha test
alpine garden
altar boy
altar bread
altar cloth
altar rail
altar stone
altar wine
alter ego
altered chord
alternate angles
alternating current
alternating personality
alto clef
alto horn
aluminum bronze
aluminum oxide
alveolar ridge
ambulance chaser
amen corner
amicus curiae
amino acid
amino resin
aminobenzoic acid
ammonia solution
ammonium carbamate
ammonium carbonate
ammonium chloride
ammonium hydroxide
ammonium nitrate
amoebic dysentery
amor patriae
amplitude modulation
amusement park
amusement tax
amyl acetate
amyl alcohol
amyl nitrite
anal fin
anal intercourse
analog computer
analysis situs
analytic geometry
anchor deck
anchor ice
anchor light
anchor man
anchor ring
anchor watch
anchovy pear
ancienne noblesse
ancient history
aneroid barometer
angel cake
angel shark
angina pectoris
angle bracket
angle iron
angle plate
angostura bark
angular acceleration
angular momentum
angular velocity
aniline black
aniline dye
animal heat
animal husbandry
animal kingdom
animal magnetism
animal spirits
animal starch
animated cartoon
anno Domini
anno regni
annual parallax
annual ring
annular eclipse
annular ligament
annus mirabilis
anode ray
anomalistic month
anomalistic year
anorexia nervosa
answer for
ant bear
ant hill
ante meridiem
antenna array
anthropoid ape
anti-G suit
antifouling paint
antimissile missile
anxious seat
aortic insufficiency
aortic stenosis
apache dance
apartment house
aphthous fever
aplastic anemia
apostolic delegate
apothecaries' measure
apothecaries' weight
apparatus criticus
apparent horizon
apparent magnitude
apparent time
apparent wind
apple brandy
apple butter
apple green
apple-pie bed
apple-pie order
approved school
apron stage
aptitude test
aqua ammoniae
aqua fortis
aqua regia
aqua vitae
aqueous ammonia
arbiter elegantiae
arbor vitae
arc furnace
arc light
arch dam
arctic fox
ardent spirits
area bombing
area code
arena theater
arithmetic mean
arithmetic progression
armed forces
armed neutrality
armes parlantes
armillary sphere
armor plate
armored cable
armored car
armorial bearings
arms race
army ant
army corps
army group
arresting gear
ars poetica
arsenic acid
arsenic trioxide
art paper
art song
artesian well
articulatory phonetics
artificial horizon
artificial insemination
artificial kidney
artificial language
artificial magnet
artificial radioactivity
artificial respiration
artillery plant
as regards
ascorbic acid
ash blond
ash gray
ask for
asking price
aspartic acid
aspect ratio
assassin bug
assault boat
assay ton
assembly line
asses' bridge
assistant professor
associate professor
association football
assumed bond
astral body
astronomical clock
astronomical telescope
astronomical unit
astronomical year
at. no.
at. wt.
athlete's foot
athletic supporter
atmospheric electricity
atmospheric perspective
atmospheric pressure
atom bomb
atom smasher
atomic age
atomic bomb
atomic clock
atomic cocktail
atomic energy
atomic heat
atomic mass
atomic number
atomic pile
atomic power
atomic structure
atomic theory
atomic volume
atomic warfare
atomic warhead
atomic weight
attention span
attorney general
attraction sphere
au contraire
au courant
au fait
au fond
au gratin
au jus
au lait
au naturel
au pair
au revoir
auction bridge
audio frequency
auf Wiedersehen
auger bit
aurora australis
aurora borealis
auto court
automatic pilot
automatic pistol
automatic rifle
automatic tracking
automatic transmission
automobile insurance
autumn crocus
autumnal equinox
auxiliary language
auxiliary verb
aviation badge
aviation cadet
aviation medicine
awkward age
axial skeleton
azimuth circle
azimuthal projection
azo dye
azon bomb
baal kore
baby bond
baby carriage
baby grand
baby spot
baby talk
baby tooth
bachelor girl
bachelor's degree
back country
back door
back down
back formation
back matter
back number
back out
back rest
back road
back scratching
back seat
back stairs
back talk
back up
back-seat driver
backup light
bad blood
bad check
bad debt
bad time
baggage car
bail bond
baked Alaska
baked beans
baker's dozen
baking powder
baking soda
balance lug
balance rudder
balance sheet
balance spring
balance wheel
bald cypress
bald eagle
baleen whale
ball bearing
ball boy
ball cock
ball game
ball lightning
ball mill
ball valve
ball-and-socket joint
ball-peen hammer
ballad opera
ballad stanza
ballistic galvanometer
ballistic missile
ballon d'essai
balloon jib
balloon sail
balloon tire
balloon vine
ballot box
ballroom dancing
balsam apple
balsam fir
balsam poplar
balsam spruce
bamboo curtain
banana oil
banana republic
banana split
band saw
band shell
band spectrum
band-pass filter
bang on
bangalore torpedo
bank acceptance
bank account
bank balance
bank bill
bank check
bank clerk
bank discount
bank examiner
bank holiday
bank indicator
bank loan
bank manager
bank note
bank on
bank rate
bank statement
bank swallow
banker's check
banner cloud
banzai attack
baptismal regeneration
bar graph
bar line
bar magnet
bar mitzvah
bar sinister
barbecue sauce
barbed wire
barber chair
barber's itch
barbituric acid
bargain for
barge couple
barge course
barium hydroxide
barium oxide
barium sulfate
bark beetle
barking deer
barley sugar
barley water
barn dance
barn owl
barn swallow
barnacle goose
barometric pressure
baroque organ
barracks bag
barrage balloon
barrel chair
barrel organ
barrel roll
barrel vault
barrier reef
bas bleu
bas mitzvah
basal metabolism
base hospital
base level
base metal
base pay
base period
base rate
baseball glove
basic anhydride
basic slag
basilic vein
basket chair
basket fern
basket hilt
basket weave
basket-handle arch
basking shark
bass clef
bass drum
bass guitar
bass horn
bass viol
basset horn
basso cantante
basso continuo
basso profundo
bastard measles
bastard title
bastard wing
bath salts
bath towel
bathing beauty
bathing suit
bathtub gin
battering ram
battle cruiser
battle cry
battle fatigue
battle group
battle lantern
battle line
battle royal
bawl out
bay leaf
bay lynx
bay oil
bay rum
bay tree
bay window
bd. ft.
beach ball
beach buggy
beach flea
beach grass
beach plum
beach umbrella
beach wagon
beam antenna
beam compass
beam wind
beam-power tube
bean caper
bean sprout
bean tree
bear down
bear garden
bear hug
bear off
bear on
bear out
bear up
bear with
bearded darnel
bearded lizard
bearded tit
bearded vulture
bearing plate
bearing rein
beat down
beat up
beau geste
beau ideal
beau monde
beauty parlor
beauty queen
beauty salon
beauty sleep
beauty spot
becket bend
bed chair
bed jacket
bed linen
bedtime story
bee beetle
bee fly
bee glue
bee killer
bee moth
bee plant
bee tree
beech fern
beef cattle
beef extract
beef tea
beer garden
beer pump
beet sugar
beg off
behavior pattern
behavioral science
bel canto
belaying pin
bell buoy
bell glass
bell heather
bell jar
bell metal
bell pepper
bell tent
belladonna lily
belles lettres
bellows fish
belly dance
belly flop
belly landing
belly laugh
ben trovato
bench mark
bench warrant
bend sinister
bent grass
benzene hexachloride
benzene ring
benzoic acid
benzoyl peroxide
berg wind
best bower
best girl
best man
best seller
beta decay
beta iron
beta particle
beta ray
beta test
betel nut
betel palm
better half
betting shop
bevel gear
bevel square
bicycle pump
bicycle race
bid price
bid up
bidding prayer
big band
big business
big cheese
big end
big game
big gun
big idea
big name
big noise
big shot
big stick
big talk
big time
big top
big tree
big wheel
big-bang theory
bilateral symmetry
bilge keel
biliary calculus
billiard ball
billiard parlor
billiard table
billy club
billy goat
binary code
binary digit
binary fission
binary form
binary star
binary system
bind over
binding energy
binomial distribution
binomial nomenclature
binomial theorem
biological clock
biological warfare
birch beer
bird call
bird cherry
bird dog
bird pepper
bird shot
bird's-foot trefoil
bird's-nest fungus
birth certificate
birth control
birth rate
birthday suit
bit part
biting midge
bitter apple
bitter end
bitter orange
bitter principle
bituminous coal
black art
black bass
black bear
black belt
black bile
black bindweed
black body
black book
black bottom
black box
black bread
black buck
black diamond
black eye
black flag
black fly
black fox
black frost
black gang
black grouse
black guillemot
black hole
black horehound
black knot
black lead
black letter
black light
black magic
black mark
black market
black marketeer
black measles
black mustard
black nightshade
black opal
black pepper
black powder
black power
black pudding
black quarter
black rat
black rot
black rust
black sheep
black spot
black spruce
black tea
black tie
black velvet
black vomit
black walnut
black whale
black widow
black-backed gull
black-eyed Susan
black-eyed pea
blackstrap molasses
blackwater fever
bladder campion
bladder ketmia
bladder worm
blanc fixe
blank cartridge
blank check
blank endorsement
blank verse
blank wall
blanket stitch
blast furnace
blast lamp
blast off
blazing star
bleaching powder
bleeder's disease
bleeding heart
blended whiskey
blind alley
blind date
blind gut
blind pig
blind snake
blind spot
blind staggers
blind tiger
blindman's buff
blister beetle
blister copper
blister rust
block diagram
block lava
block letter
block out
block plane
block print
block tin
blood bank
blood bath
blood brother
blood cell
blood count
blood donor
blood feud
blood fluke
blood group
blood grouping
blood heat
blood money
blood orange
blood plasma
blood platelet
blood poisoning
blood pressure
blood pudding
blood relation
blood sausage
blood serum
blood sport
blood test
blood transfusion
blood type
blood vessel
bloody flux
bloody shirt
blotting paper
blow off
blow out
blow over
blow up
blue baby
blue blood
blue book
blue cheese
blue chip
blue crab
blue devils
blue fox
blue grouse
blue gum
blue jay
blue jeans
blue laws
blue mold
blue note
blue ointment
blue peter
blue point
blue racer
blue ribbon
blue shark
blue spruce
blue vitriol
blue whale
blue-eyed Mary
blue-eyed grass
blue-green algae
blue-ribbon jury
blue-sky law
bo tree
boa constrictor
board foot
board measure
board rule
board school
boarding school
boat deck
boat hook
boat neck
boat race
boat train
boatswain's chair
bob skate
bobbin lace
bobby pin
bock beer
body blow
body cavity
body corporate
body language
body politic
body snatcher
body stocking
bog asphodel
bog down
bog oak
boil down
boiled dinner
boiled shirt
boiled sweet
boiler room
boiling point
boll weevil
bomb bay
bomb ketch
bomb rack
bomb shelter
bon mot
bon ton
bon vivant
bon voyage
bona fide
bona fides
bond paper
bonded warehouse
bone ash
bone china
bone meal
bone oil
bonne bouche
bonne foi
bonnet monkey
bonnet rouge
bony labyrinth
booby hatch
booby prize
booby trap
book club
book end
book jacket
book learning
book review
book scorpion
book value
booking office
boom shot
boom town
booster shot
boot tree
border line
boric acid
boron carbide
borscht circuit
bossa nova
botanical garden
bottle glass
bottle green
bottle party
bottle tree
bottle up
bottom drawer
bottoms up!
boulder clay
bounce back
bouncing Bet
bound form
boundary condition
boundary layer
boundary line
boundary rider
bouquet garni
bow compass
bow out
bow saw
bow tie
bow window
bowel movement
bowie knife
bowl over
bowling alley
bowling crease
bowling green
bowstring hemp
box calf
box camera
box canyon
box coat
box elder
box girder
box kite
box office
box pleat
box seat
box spring
box turtle
box wrench
boxing glove
boxing ring
boy scout
brain coral
brain drain
brain fever
brain stem
brain wave
brake band
brake drum
brake horsepower
brake lining
brake parachute
brake shoe
branch line
branch out
branched chain
brass band
brass hat
brass knuckles
brass tacks
bread knife
bread mold
bread-and-butter pickle
break down
break in
break into
break out
break through
break up
breakbone fever
breakfast food
breast drill
breathing space
breech delivery
breeches buoy
breeder reactor
breeze block
brewer's yeast
brick cheese
brick red
bridal wreath
bride price
bridge deck
bridge lamp
bridle path
brigadier general
bring about
bring down
bring forward
bring in
bring off
bring on
bring out
bring over
bring round
bring to
bring up
broad arrow
broad bean
broad gauge
broad jump
broad jumper
broad seal
broken heart
broken wind
brome grass
bromic acid
bromide paper
bronchial pneumonia
bronchial tube
brook trout
brown algae
brown bear
brown belt
brown bread
brown coal
brown rat
brown rice
brown rot
brown sauce
brown study
brown sugar
brown thrasher
brown trout
brown-tail moth
brunch coat
brush aside
brush discharge
brush off
brush turkey
brush up
bubble bath
bubble chamber
bubble dance
bubble gum
bubonic plague
buck fever
buck up
bucket seat
bucket shop
buckle down
buckwheat cake
bud scale
buffalo bug
buffalo fish
buffalo gnat
buffalo grass
buffalo robe
buffer state
buffet car
buffing wheel
build up
builder's knot
building line
bulk modulus
bull fiddle
bull mastiff
bull nose
bull session
bull snake
bull terrier
bull tongue
bulletin board
bully beef
bum's rush
bump into
bump off
bunch grass
bunch light
bundle up
bunk bed
bunny hug
bur marigold
bur oak
bur reed
burglar alarm
burial ground
burial mound
burn in
burn off
burn out
burned out
burning bush
burning glass
burnt almond
burnt offering
burnt sienna
burnt umber
burp gun
burying beetle
burying ground
bush house
bush jacket
bush pilot
bush telegraph
bush wren
business English
business agent
business college
business cycle
business end
business suit
busman's holiday
butcher knife
butcher paper
butcher shop
butcher's saw
butt hinge
butt joint
butt plate
butt shaft
butt weld
butter bean
butter muslin
butter up
butterfly bush
butterfly valve
butterfly weed
butternut squash
button quail
button tree
button up
buttonhole stitch
butyl alcohol
butyric acid
buy in
buy into
buy off
buy out
buy up
buyers' market
buying power
buzz bomb
buzz off
buzz saw
cabbage palm
cabbage palmetto
cabin boy
cabin class
cabin cruiser
cabinet pudding
cable car
cable railway
cable release
cable ship
cable stitch
cacao butter
caddie cart
caddis fly
cadency mark
cadmium orange
cadmium yellow
caisson disease
calcium arsenate
calcium carbide
calcium carbonate
calcium chloride
calcium cyanamide
calcium cyclamate
calcium hydroxide
calcium light
calcium oxide
calcium phosphate
calculated risk
calculating machine
calendar clock
calendar day
calendar month
calendar watch
calendar year
calf love
calf's-foot jelly
calico bush
calico cat
call box
call down
call forth
call girl
call in
call letters
call loan
call money
call number
call off
call out
call rate
call slip
call up
calling card
camel's hair
cameo glass
cameo ware
camera lucida
camera obscura
camera tube
camino real
camp bed
camp chair
camp follower
camp meeting
camp stove
campaign fund
campaign hat
camphor ball
camphor ice
camphor tree
camphorated oil
campo santo
can buoy
can opener
canal boat
canal ray
canary grass
canary seed
canary yellow
cancer stick
candid camera
candy store
cane sugar
canker sore
cannel coal
cannon bone
cannon cracker
cannon fodder
cannon shot
canon law
canonical hour
cant hook
cantilever bridge
canting arms
cantus firmus
cap cloud
cap rock
cap screw
capacitive reactance
cape gooseberry
capillary tube
capital account
capital expenditure
capital gain
capital goods
capital levy
capital punishment
capital ship
capital stock
capital surplus
caproic acid
capstan bar
capstan lathe
captain's chair
captive balloon
car coat
car park
carbamic acid
carbolic acid
carbon 14
carbon black
carbon copy
carbon cycle
carbon dating
carbon dioxide
carbon disulfide
carbon microphone
carbon monoxide
carbon paper
carbon process
carbon steel
carbon tetrachloride
carbon tissue
carbon-14 dating
carbonic acid
carbonic-acid gas
carbonyl chloride
carboxyl group
carboxylic acid
card catalog
card index
card punch
card table
card vote
cardinal flower
cardinal number
cardinal points
cardinal virtues
carnal knowledge
carpe diem
carpenter ant
carpenter bee
carpenter moth
carpet beetle
carpet bombing
carpet knight
carpet shark
carpet slipper
carpet sweeper
carpet tack
carriage dog
carriage horse
carriage house
carriage trade
carrick bend
carrick bitt
carrier pigeon
carrion crow
carrion flower
carron oil
carry away
carry back
carry off
carry on
carry out
carry over
carry through
carrying charge
cart horse
carte blanche
cartilage bone
cartridge belt
cartridge brass
cartridge clip
cartridge paper
cartridge pen
carve up
carving knife
cascara sagrada
case history
case knife
case law
case shot
cash crop
cash discount
cash in
cash register
cashier's check
cast about
cast down
cast iron
cast steel
caste mark
casting vote
castor bean
castor oil
castor-oil plant
castration complex
casualty insurance
casus belli
cat brier
cat burglar
cat nap
cat rig
cat whisker
cat's cradle
catch basin
catch crop
catch on
catch out
catch phrase
catch up
categorical imperative
caterpillar hunter
cathode glow
cathode ray
cathode-ray tube
cathodic protection
cattle egret
cattle plague
caudal fin
cauliflower ear
caution money
cavalry twill
cave art
cave dweller
cave in
caveat emptor
cavity resonator
cayenne pepper
cedar waxwing
ceiling light
celery salt
celestial equator
celestial globe
celestial guidance
celestial horizon
celestial latitude
celestial longitude
celestial mechanics
celestial navigation
celestial pole
celestial sphere
cell division
cell membrane
cell wall
cellulose acetate
cellulose nitrate
center punch
central angle
central bank
central heating
central sulcus
centrifugal force
centripetal force
century plant
cephalic index
cerebral palsy
cerebrospinal fluid
cerebrospinal meningitis
cerotic acid
certified check
certified mail
certified milk
cetane number
ceteris paribus
chafing dish
chain gang
chain letter
chain lightning
chain locker
chain mail
chain reaction
chain reactor
chain rule
chain saw
chain shot
chain stitch
chain store
chair car
chaise longue
chalk out
chalk talk
chalk up
chamber concert
chamber music
chamber orchestra
chamber pot
chambered nautilus
chamfer bit
champaca oil
change ringing
changing bag
channel iron
chaparral pea
chapeau bras
character actor
character sketch
character witness
charge account
charge nurse
charley horse
charlotte russe
charmed circle
charnel house
chart house
chart room
charter colony
charter member
chartered accountant
chaste tree
chastity belt
chattel mortgage
chatter mark
check in
check list
check out
check valve
checking account
cheek pouch
chemical engineering
chemical potential
chemical warfare
cherry bomb
cherry laurel
cherry picker
chest voice
cheval glass
chew out
chew over
chew up
chewing gum
chi-square test
chicken breast
chicken coop
chicken feed
chicken hawk
chicken out
chicken pox
chicken wire
chief justice
chief mate
child psychology
child's play
childbed fever
chili pepper
chili sauce
chime in
chimney corner
chimney swallow
chimney sweep
chimney swift
china bark
china clay
chinch bug
chip in
chip log
chip shot
chipped beef
chipping sparrow
chloral hydrate
chloric acid
chlorine dioxide
chloroacetic acid
chlorous acid
choir loft
choir school
choke coil
choke up
cholera morbus
cholic acid
chop chop
chop suey
chorale prelude
chore boy
chorus boy
chorus girl
chosen people
chow chow
chow mein
chromatic aberration
chromatic scale
chromaticity diagram
chrome alum
chrome green
chrome red
chrome steel
chrome yellow
chromic acid
chromium steel
chromosome number
chronic alcoholism
chronicle play
chuck out
chuck wagon
chukka boot
church book
church calendar
church invisible
church militant
church mode
church text
church visible
cigar store
cigarette holder
cigarette lighter
cigarette paper
ciliary body
cinder block
cinder track
cinnamic acid
cinnamon bear
cinnamon stone
circuit binding
circuit breaker
circuit judge
circuit rider
circular function
circular measure
circular mil
circular polarization
circular saw
circular triangle
circulating capital
circulating decimal
circulating library
circulating medium
circumstantial evidence
cire perdue
citric acid
citron wood
citrus fruit
city council
city desk
city editor
city father
city hall
city man
city manager
city planning
city slicker
civil day
civil death
civil disobedience
civil engineer
civil engineering
civil law
civil liberty
civil list
civil marriage
civil rights
civil servant
civil service
civil war
claiming race
clam up
clap on
claret cup
clasp knife
class consciousness
class struggle
classical conditioning
classical economics
claustral prior
claw bar
claw hammer
claw hatchet
clay mineral
clay pigeon
clean hands
clean out
clean up
cleaning woman
cleansing tissue
clear away
clear off
clear out
clear up
clear-air turbulence
clearing house
cleft palate
clerical collar
clew line
click beetle
cliff brake
cliff swallow
climb down
climbing fern
climbing irons
clinging vine
clinical psychology
clinical thermometer
clip joint
clock golf
clock watcher
clonic spasm
close call
close down
close harmony
close in
close juncture
close out
close quarters
close shave
close with
closed chain
closed circuit
closed corporation
closed primary
closed shop
closed-circuit television
closet drama
clothes moth
clothes pole
clothes tree
clotted cream
cloud chamber
cloud cover
cloud rack
clove hitch
clove pink
cloven hoof
clown white
club chair
club foot
club moss
club sandwich
club steak
club topsail
clumber spaniel
coach box
coach dog
coach horse
coach house
coach screw
coal car
coal gas
coal heaver
coal hole
coal mine
coal oil
coal scuttle
coal tar
coast artillery
coast guard
coastal plain
coat hanger
coaxial cable
cob money
cobalt bloom
cobalt blue
cobalt bomb
cobalt green
cock-and-bull story
cocked hat
cocker spaniel
cocktail hour
cocktail lounge
cocktail party
cocktail table
cocoa bean
cocoa butter
coconut butter
coconut oil
coconut palm
cod-liver oil
codling moth
coffee break
coffee cup
coffee maker
coffee mill
coffee nut
coffee shop
coffee table
coffee tree
coffin bone
coffin nail
cog railway
coil spring
coin box
coin silver
coitus interruptus
coke oven
cola nut
cold chisel
cold comfort
cold cream
cold cuts
cold duck
cold feet
cold frame
cold front
cold light
cold pack
cold rubber
cold shoulder
cold snap
cold sore
cold steel
cold storage
cold sweat
cold turkey
cold war
cold water
cold wave
collar cell
collective agreement
collective bargaining
collective farm
collective noun
collective ownership
collective security
collective unconscious
collegiate church
collegiate institute
collision course
collision insurance
collision mat
color bar
color blindness
color filter
color line
color scheme
color sergeant
coloring book
column inch
colza oil
comb jelly
combat fatigue
combat team
combat zone
combination lock
combination tone
combinatorial analysis
combinatorial topology
combined operations
combining form
combustion chamber
come about
come across
come along
come at
come away
come between
come by
come forward
come in
come into
come of
come off
come out
come over
come round
come through
come to
come up
come upon
comfort station
comic book
comic opera
comic relief
comic strip
comma bacillus
comma fault
comma splice
command car
command guidance
command module
command paper
command performance
command post
commanding officer
commedia dell'arte
commercial art
commercial bank
commercial college
commercial credit
commercial fertilizer
commercial law
commercial paper
commercial pilot
commercial traveler
comminuted fracture
commission plan
commissioned officer
commodity exchange
common carrier
common chord
common cold
common council
common denominator
common divisor
common fraction
common ground
common knowledge
common law
common logarithm
common man
common measure
common multiple
common noun
common people
common pleas
common prayer
common property
common room
common school
common scold
common sense
common stock
common time
common touch
common year
common-law marriage
commonplace book
commonsense realism
communications satellite
communications zone
communion cloth
community chest
community college
community singing
commutation ticket
commutative law
companion ladder
companionate marriage
company officer
company union
comparative government
comparative linguistics
comparative literature
comparative method
compass card
compass course
compass plant
compass rose
compass saw
complementary angle
complementary color
complementary distribution
complex fraction
complex number
complex sentence
complex variable
compos mentis
composing room
composing stick
composite number
composite photograph
composite school
compound engine
compound eye
compound flower
compound fraction
compound fracture
compound interest
compound leaf
compound lens
compound microscope
compound number
compound sentence
compound time
comprehensive school
compressed air
compression ratio
compte rendu
computer typesetting
con amore
con brio
con dolore
con fuoco
con game
con man
con moto
con spirito
concentration camp
concert grand
concert overture
concert pitch
concerto grosso
concrete music
concrete noun
concrete number
concrete poetry
concurrent resolution
concussion grenade
condemned cell
condensation trail
condensed milk
conditioned response
cone shell
confectioners' sugar
confidence game
confidence man
confidential communication
conger eel
congo eel
congo snake
conic projection
conic section
conjugated protein
conjure up
conk out
connecting rod
connective tissue
conning tower
conscience clause
conscience money
conscientious objector
conscript fathers
consensus gentium
consolation prize
console table
consolidated school
conspicuous consumption
constitutional monarchy
constitutional psychology
consul general
consular agent
consumer credit
consumer goods
contact lens
contact print
contact printing
container ship
continental breakfast
continental divide
continental drift
continental shelf
continuation school
continued fraction
continuity girl
continuous spectrum
continuous waves
contour feather
contour interval
contour line
contour map
contour sheet
contract bridge
contributory negligence
control account
control board
control center
control chart
control column
control experiment
control grid
control panel
control rod
control room
control stick
control surface
control tower
conversation piece
conveyor belt
cook up
cooling-off period
coon's age
cooperative society
coordinating conjunction
cop out
coping saw
coping stone
copper pyrites
copy desk
copy editor
copy paper
coquilla nut
cor anglais
coral reef
coral snake
coral tree
corbie gable
cordon bleu
cordon sanitaire
corduroy road
cork cambium
cork oak
corn borer
corn bread
corn dodger
corn earworm
corn flour
corn lily
corn marigold
corn meal
corn oil
corn picker
corn pone
corn poppy
corn rose
corn salad
corn shock
corn shuck
corn silk
corn smut
corn snow
corn sugar
corn syrup
corn whiskey
corncob pipe
corona discharge
coronal suture
coronary insufficiency
coronary thrombosis
corporal punishment
corps diplomatique
corpus callosum
corpus delicti
corpus juris
corpus luteum
corpus striatum
corpuscular theory
correlation coefficient
correlative conjunction
correspondence principle
correspondence school
corrosive sublimate
corrugated iron
corrugated paper
cos lettuce
cosmetic surgery
cosmic dust
cosmic ray
cost accounting
cost keeper
cost ledger
cost sheet
cost-of-living index
costume jewelry
cottage cheese
cottage loaf
cottage piano
cotter pin
cotton batting
cotton belt
cotton cake
cotton candy
cotton flannel
cotton gin
cotton grass
cotton mill
cotton picker
cotton stainer
cotton wool
cottonseed meal
cottonseed oil
cottony-cushion scale
couch grass
cough drop
cough up
council fire
council school
council-manager plan
count noun
count on
count palatine
counting house
country club
country cousin
country dance
country gentleman
country house
country music
country rock
country seat
country store
county commissioner
county court
county palatine
county seat
coup d'oeil
coupon bond
court card
court dress
court hand
court plaster
court tennis
courtesy title
courtly love
cover charge
cover crop
cover girl
cover point
cover story
covered wagon
covering letter
coversed sine
covert cloth
covert coat
cow parsnip
cow pony
cow shark
crab apple
crab grass
crab louse
crack up
cracker bonbon
craft union
cranberry bush
crane fly
cranial index
cranial nerve
crap out
crape myrtle
crash boat
crash dive
crash helmet
crash pad
crazy bone
crazy paving
crazy quilt
cream cheese
cream puff
cream sauce
cream soda
creative imagination
creature comforts
credibility gap
credit account
credit card
credit insurance
credit line
credit man
credit rating
credit slip
credit standing
credit union
creeping Jennie
creosote bush
crepe hair
crepe paper
crepe rubber
crepuscular light
crew cut
crew neck
cribbage board
crim. con.
crime passionel
criminal conversation
criminal law
criminal syndicalism
crisis theology
critical angle
critical mass
critical philosophy
critical point
critical pressure
critical state
critical temperature
critical volume
crochet hook
crocodile bird
crocodile tears
crop out
crop rotation
crop up
cross bun
cross fire
cross hairs
cross product
cross relation
cross section
cross wires
crosscut saw
crossing over
crossover network
crossword puzzle
croton oil
crotonic acid
croupous pneumonia
crow blackbird
crown cap
crown colony
crown glass
crown graft
crown imperial
crown jewels
crown land
crown lens
crown post
crown prince
crown princess
crown saw
crown vetch
crown wheel
crucible steel
crude oil
crux ansata
cry down
cry out
crystal ball
crystal counter
crystal detector
crystal gazing
crystal lattice
crystal pickup
crystal set
crystal system
crystal violet
crystal vision
crystalline lens
cub reporter
cube root
cubic measure
cucking stool
cuckoo clock
cucumber tree
cue ball
cue bid
cuff link
cui bono
cultural anthropology
cultural lag
culture area
culture center
culture complex
culture medium
culture pattern
culture shock
culture trait
culture vulture
cultured pearl
cum dividend
cum laude
cumulative evidence
cumulative voting
cupboard love
cupping glass
curb bit
curb roof
curd cheese
curl up
curling iron
current account
current assets
current density
current expenses
current liabilities
curriculum vitae
curry powder
curry sauce
curtain call
curtain lecture
curtain raiser
curtain speech
curtain wall
curule chair
custard apple
customer's man
customs union
cut across
cut down
cut glass
cut in
cut off
cut out
cut up
cutis vera
cutlass fish
cutthroat trout
cutty stool
cy pres
cyanic acid
cyanide process
cyclone cellar
cylinder head
cylinder press
cylindrical coordinates
cypress vine
cystic fibrosis
da Vinci
da capo
dab hand
daily double
daily dozen
dairy cattle
dairy farm
dal segno
damask rose
dame school
damper pedal
dance hall
dandy fever
dandy roll
dangling participle
danse macabre
danseur noble
dark glasses
dark horse
dark lantern
dark meat
dark star
dark-field microscope
darning egg
darning needle
data processing
date line
date palm
date slip
date stamp
datum plane
day bed
day blindness
day coach
day laborer
day letter
day lily
day loan
day nursery
day room
day school
day shift
day-care center
daylight-saving time
de Broglie
de Gaulle
de Kooning
de Lesseps
de facto
de fide
de jure
de novo
de profundis
de rigueur
de trop
dead beat
dead center
dead duck
dead end
dead flat
dead hand
dead heat
dead letter
dead load
dead march
dead matter
dead point
dead reckoning
dead set
dead time
dead water
dead weight
dead-ball line
dead-stick landing
deadly nightshade
deadly sins
deaf-and-dumb alphabet
death adder
death bell
death camas
death cell
death certificate
death chair
death cup
death duty
death house
death instinct
death knell
death mask
death rate
death rattle
death ray
death row
death sentence
death warrant
death wish
death's-head moth
debenture bond
debt service
deceptive cadence
deciduous tooth
decimal classification
decimal fraction
decimal point
decimal system
deck chair
deck hand
deck officer
deck tennis
deckle edge
decompression sickness
decree nisi
deed poll
deep kiss
deep mourning
deep space
deep structure
deer fly
deer lick
deer mouse
defective number
defective year
defense mechanism
deferred annuity
deficiency disease
deficient number
deficit spending
definite article
definite integral
delayed neutron
delaying action
delirium tremens
delivery room
della Robbia
delta connection
delta iron
delta ray
delta wing
demand bill
demand deposit
demand loan
demand note
dementia praecox
demolition bomb
dental floss
dental surgeon
dentil band
deoxyribonucleic acid
department store
dependent variable
deposit slip
depressed area
depth bomb
depth charge
depth psychology
deputy sheriff
derived unit
dernier cri
dernier ressort
descriptive geometry
descriptive linguistics
desert boots
desert fathers
desert rat
dessert wine
destroyer escort
destructive distillation
detail drawing
detail man
detention home
deuterium oxide
devil's advocate
devil's grip
devil's tattoo
dew point
diabetes insipidus
diabetes mellitus
dial telephone
dial tone
dialect atlas
dialect geography
dialectical materialism
diamond drill
diamond jubilee
diamond point
diamondback rattlesnake
diamondback terrapin
diaper rash
diatomaceous earth
diazonium salt
dicarboxylic acid
dichromic acid
dictionary catalog
die down
die out
dielectric constant
dielectric heating
dies non
diesel cycle
diesel engine
diesel oil
diethyl ether
differential analyzer
differential calculus
differential coefficient
differential equation
differential gear
differential operator
differential psychology
differential windlass
diffraction grating
diffuse nebula
dig in
digestive biscuit
digger wasp
digital clock
digital computer
dihedral angle
dill pickle
dilly bag
dime novel
dime store
dimissory letter
dine out
dining car
dining hall
dining room
dining table
dinner clothes
dinner dress
dinner jacket
dinner plate
diplomatic corps
diplomatic immunity
diplomatic pouch
direct action
direct current
direct evidence
direct lighting
direct mail
direct object
direct primary
direct tax
direction finder
disability clause
disability insurance
disc jockey
discount broker
discount house
discount rate
discount store
dish out
dish up
dishcloth gourd
dishonorable discharge
disjecta membra
disk harrow
disk-seal tube
disorderly conduct
disorderly house
dispatch boat
dispatch box
dispatch case
displaced person
displacement ton
disposable income
disruptive discharge
dissector tube
distaff side
distinctive feature
distress merchandise
distribution function
district attorney
district court
ditto mark
ditty bag
ditty box
diurnal parallax
dive bomber
divided highway
divine healing
divine office
divine service
diving beetle
diving bell
diving board
diving boat
diving suit
divining rod
divinity school
division algebra
division sign
divorce court
do by
do for
do in
do over
do up
do with
do without
doctrinal theology
dodecanoic acid
dog Latin
dog biscuit
dog clutch
dog collar
dog days
dog fennel
dog paddle
dog rose
dog sled
dog tag
dog-day cicada
dogleg fence
dogtooth violet
dolce vita
doll up
dollar diplomacy
dollar gap
dolman sleeve
dolphin striker
domestic fowl
domestic science
dominant tenement
dominical letter
domino theory
doom palm
dope fiend
dorsal fin
dot product
double Dutch
double agent
double back
double bar
double bass
double bassoon
double bed
double boiler
double bond
double chin
double cross
double dagger
double decomposition
double eagle
double entendre
double entry
double exposure
double fault
double feature
double first
double flat
double glazing
double harness
double hitch
double indemnity
double jeopardy
double negative
double play
double pneumonia
double refraction
double rhyme
double salt
double sharp
double standard
double star
double tackle
double take
double time
double-helical gear
doubting Thomas
doum palm
dovetail plane
dovetail saw
dower house
down payment
down under
downward mobility
downy mildew
dowsing rod
draft animal
draft board
draft chair
draft dodger
draft horse
drag hunt
drag in
drag link
drag race
drag sail
drag up
dragon tree
dragon's blood
drainage basin
draining board
dramatic irony
dramatis personae
draw in
draw off
draw on
draw out
draw poker
draw up
drawing account
drawing board
drawing card
drawing pin
drawing room
drawn butter
drawn work
dream analysis
dream up
dream vision
dredge up
dredging machine
dress circle
dress coat
dress down
dress parade
dress rehearsal
dress shield
dress shirt
dress suit
dress uniform
dress up
dressing gown
dressing room
dressing sack
dressing station
dressing table
drift anchor
drift angle
drift ice
drift net
drift netter
drift tube
drill press
drinking fountain
drinking song
drinking water
dripping pan
drive at
driver ant
driver's seat
driving wheel
drop black
drop cloth
drop curtain
drop forge
drop hammer
drop kick
drop leaf
drop letter
drop off
drop scene
drop shipment
drop shot
drug addict
drum corps
drum major
drum majorette
drum out
drumhead court-martial
dry battery
dry cell
dry cleaner
dry cleaning
dry distillation
dry dock
dry farming
dry fly
dry goods
dry kiln
dry law
dry martini
dry measure
dry mop
dry nurse
dry offset
dry plate
dry rot
dry run
dry up
dry-bone ore
dry-bulb thermometer
drying oil
du Bellay
dual carriageway
dual personality
duck hawk
duck soup
ducking stool
ductless gland
dude ranch
due bill
duffel bag
duffel coat
dumb ague
dumb cluck
dumb show
dump truck
dumpy level
dun fly
dunce cap
dung beetle
duple time
duplex apartment
duplex house
dura mater
durable goods
dust bowl
dust cover
dust devil
dust jacket
dust mop
dust shot
dust storm
dusty miller
dwarf chestnut
dwarf cornel
dwarf mallow
dwarf star
dwell on
dwelling house
dwelling place
dynamic geology
dynamic psychology
each other
eager beaver
eagle boat
eagle eye
eagle owl
eagle ray
ear lobe
ear shell
ear trumpet
early bird
earned income
earnest money
earth mother
earth pillar
earth science
easy chair
eat out
eat up
eating house
ebb tide
ecclesiastical calendar
ecclesiastical law
ecclesiastical mode
echo chamber
echo sounder
eclipse plumage
economic cycle
economic determinism
economic geography
ectopic pregnancy
ecumenical council
eddy current
edge tool
editio princeps
efficiency apartment
efficient cause
egg roll
egg timer
egg tooth
egg white
eggs Benedict
eggshell porcelain
ego ideal
ego trip
eider duck
eighth note
ejection seat
ejector seat
eke out
elastic limit
elastic modulus
elbow grease
elder statesman
election district
electoral college
electric blue
electric chair
electric charge
electric current
electric eel
electric eye
electric field
electric furnace
electric guitar
electric needle
electric organ
electric potential
electric ray
electric shock
electric storm
electric thermometer
electric torch
electric wave
electrical engineer
electrical engineering
electrical transcription
electrolytic cell
electrolytic interrupter
electromagnetic field
electromagnetic induction
electromagnetic radiation
electromagnetic spectrum
electromagnetic unit
electromagnetic wave
electromotive force
electron affinity
electron camera
electron gun
electron lens
electron microscope
electron multiplier
electron optics
electron telescope
electron tube
electron-ray tube
electronic brain
electronic music
electronic organ
electroshock therapy
electrostatic generator
electrostatic induction
electrostatic unit
elegiac couplet
elegiac pentameter
elementary particle
elementary school
elephant bird
elephant seal
elephant shrew
eleventh hour
elliptic geometry
elliptic spring
em dash
em quad
embryo sac
emergent evolution
emery board
emery wheel
eminent domain
emission spectrum
emotive meaning
emperor penguin
empirical formula
employment agency
employment exchange
empty word
en attendant
en bloc
en brosse
en clair
en dash
en famille
en masse
en passant
en prise
en quad
en rapport
en route
en suite
encephalitis lethargica
enchanter's nightshade
end man
end matter
end organ
end point
end product
end use
end-of-day glass
endocrine gland
endowment insurance
energy level
enfant terrible
engagement ring
engine driver
engine room
engineer's chain
enlisted man
entente cordiale
enter into
enteric fever
entre nous
entrenching tool
ephemeris time
epic simile
epicyclic train
epidemic encephalitis
epidemic pleurodynia
epistolary novel
epoxy resin
equal sign
equine distemper
equinoctial circle
equinoctial line
equinoctial point
equinoctial year
equity capital
equity security
equivalent circuit
equivalent weight
errand boy
escalator clause
escape artist
escape clause
escape hatch
escape mechanism
escape velocity
escape wheel
escort carrier
escort fighter
essential oil
estate agent
estate car
estate tax
et al.
et cetera
et seq.
etaoin shrdlu
etching ground
eternal object
eternal recurrence
eternal triangle
ethanedioic acid
ethnic group
ethyl acetate
ethyl alcohol
ethyl carbamate
ethyl ether
ethylene glycol
ethylene group
ethylene series
evaporated milk
even out
even up
evening dress
evening gown
evening primrose
evening school
evening star
every one
evil eye
ewe lamb
ex cathedra
ex dividend
ex hypothesi
ex int.
ex libris
ex officio
ex parte
ex voto
exchange rate
excited state
exciting current
exclamation mark
exclamation point
exclusion principle
executive council
executive officer
executive session
exemplary damages
exempli gratia
exeunt omnes
exhaust fan
existential psychology
exocrine gland
exotic dancer
expanded metal
expansion bolt
expansion chamber
expected value
expense account
experience table
experiment station
exploded view
exposure meter
express rifle
extended family
extension ladder
exterior angle
external ear
external-combustion engine
extra cover
extra dividend
extragalactic nebula
extraordinary ray
extrasensory perception
extreme unction
eye rhyme
eye shadow
eye socket
eye splice
eyebrow pencil
eyes left
eyes right
face card
face out
face powder
face towel
face value
facial angle
facial index
facial nerve
facile princeps
facsimile telegraph
factor analysis
factory farm
factory ship
fag end
fair copy
fair game
fair play
fair sex
fair trade
fair-trade agreement
fairy godmother
fairy ring
fairy tale
fait accompli
faith healer
faith healing
fall among
fall away
fall back
fall behind
fall down
fall for
fall guy
fall in
fall line
fall off
fall on
fall over
fall through
fall to
fall wind
falling band
falling sickness
falling star
fallow deer
false alarm
false cirrus
false dawn
false face
false front
false horizon
false imprisonment
false keel
false relation
false step
false teeth
false vampire
familiar spirit
family Bible
family circle
family court
family doctor
family man
family name
family planning
family skeleton
family tree
fan dance
fan mail
fan palm
fan tracery
fan vaulting
fan window
fan worm
fancy diving
fancy dress
fancy man
fancy woman
farm belt
farm hand
farm out
farmer cheese
fashion plate
fast day
fast neutron
fat cat
father confessor
father figure
father image
fatty acid
fatty degeneration
fatty oil
fault plane
faux pas
favorite son
fawn lily
feast day
feather bed
feather duster
feather grass
feather palm
feather star
fed up
federal district
fee simple
fee tail
feeder line
feeler gauge
fellow creature
fellow feeling
fellow traveler
female impersonator
female suffrage
feme covert
feme sole
feminine caesura
feminine ending
feminine rhyme
femme fatale
fern seed
ferret badger
ferric oxide
ferricyanic acid
ferrocyanic acid
fertility cult
fertility symbol
fess point
festoon cloud
fetch up
fete day
fetter bone
feudal system
fever blister
fever heat
fever pitch
fever therapy
fever tree
fiat money
fiber glass
fiddle pattern
fiddler crab
fidus Achates
field army
field artillery
field battery
field captain
field corn
field day
field emission
field event
field glass
field glasses
field goal
field guide
field gun
field hockey
field hospital
field magnet
field marshal
field mouse
field officer
field spaniel
field trial
field trip
field winding
field work
fieri facias
fiery cross
fife rail
fifth column
fifth wheel
fig leaf
fig marigold
fighting chance
fighting cock
fighting fish
fighting top
figurate number
figure on
figure out
figure skating
figured bass
filet lace
filet mignon
filing clerk
fill in
fill out
fill up
filled gold
filling station
film library
film pack
film star
filter bed
filter paper
filter tip
filthy lucre
fin keel
final cause
finance bill
finance company
fine art
fine print
fine structure
fine-tooth comb
fineness ratio
fines herbes
finger bowl
finger painting
finger post
finger wave
finishing school
finite verb
finnan haddie
finnan haddock
fipple flute
fire alarm
fire ant
fire apparatus
fire balloon
fire beetle
fire blight
fire brigade
fire clay
fire company
fire control
fire department
fire drill
fire engine
fire escape
fire extinguisher
fire fighter
fire hydrant
fire insurance
fire irons
fire marshal
fire opal
fire power
fire red
fire resistance
fire sale
fire screen
fire ship
fire station
fire tower
fire trench
fire wall
fireless cooker
firing line
firing order
firing pin
firing squad
firmer chisel
first aid
first base
first cause
first class
first cousin
first edition
first estate
first floor
first fruits
first lady
first lieutenant
first mate
first mortgage
first name
first offender
first officer
first person
first post
first principle
first quarter
first reading
first refusal
first sergeant
first string
first water
first-day cover
first-degree burn
fiscal year
fish cake
fish fry
fish hawk
fish joint
fish ladder
fish louse
fish meal
fish out
fisherman's bend
fisheye lens
fishing rod
fishing smack
fishing tackle
fishskin disease
fission bomb
fit in
fit out
fit up
five hundred
five senses
fix up
fixed assets
fixed capital
fixed charge
fixed idea
fixed oil
fixed price
fixed satellite
fixed star
fixed-do system
fl. dr.
fl. oz.
flag day
flag officer
flag rank
flagrante delicto
flak jacket
flake out
flake white
flame cell
flannel cake
flash burn
flash card
flash flood
flash gun
flash lamp
flash photography
flash point
flashing point
flat arch
flat knot
flat race
flat roof
flat silver
flat spin
flat tire
flat wash
flat-bed press
flea beetle
flea market
fleet admiral
flesh color
flesh fly
flesh wound
flight arrow
flight deck
flight engineer
flight feather
flight formation
flight path
flight plan
flight recorder
flight simulator
flight strip
flight surgeon
flint glass
flip side
float glass
floating dock
floating heart
floating island
floating policy
floating rib
floating stock
flood control
flood insurance
flood lamp
flood plain
flood tide
floor broker
floor lamp
floor leader
floor manager
floor plan
floor show
floor trader
flooring saw
floral envelope
flos ferri
flour mill
flow chart
flow sheet
flower girl
flower head
flower power
flowering maple
flowering moss
flowering plant
flue pipe
flue stop
fluid dram
fluid drive
fluid mechanics
fluid ounce
fluid pressure
fluorescent lamp
flutter kick
flux density
fly agaric
fly ash
fly casting
fly gallery
fly rod
fly sheet
flying boat
flying bomb
flying boxcar
flying bridge
flying buttress
flying circus
flying column
flying doctor
flying dragon
flying field
flying fish
flying fox
flying frog
flying gurnard
flying jib
flying lemur
flying lizard
flying machine
flying mare
flying phalanger
flying saucer
flying squad
flying squirrel
flying start
flying wing
foam rubber
fob off
focal infection
focal length
focal plane
focal point
focal ratio
fog bank
fog bell
fog drip
fog light
fog signal
foie gras
fold up
folded dipole
folding door
folding money
folic acid
folk dance
folk etymology
folk medicine
folk music
folk singer
folk singing
folk song
folk tale
follicle-stimulating hormone
follow out
follow through
follow up
food chain
food poisoning
fool's cap
fool's errand
fool's gold
fool's paradise
foot brake
foot fault
foot rot
foot rule
foot soldier
foot warmer
foot-and-mouth disease
forage cap
foramen magnum
forasmuch as
forbidden fruit
force majeure
force pump
forced landing
forced march
forcing house
fore edge
fore plane
fore-and-aft sail
fore-topgallant mast
foregone conclusion
foreign affairs
foreign aid
foreign bill
foreign correspondent
foreign exchange
foreign minister
foreign mission
foreign office
foreign service
forensic chemistry
forensic medicine
forensic psychiatry
forest ranger
forest reserve
fork out
forked lightning
forlorn hope
form class
form drag
form genus
form letter
formal cause
formal logic
formic acid
fortified wine
fortune cookie
fortune hunter
forty winks
forward delivery
forward pass
forward quotation
foster brother
foster child
foster home
foster sister
foul play
foul shot
foul up
foundation garment
foundation stone
founders' shares
foundry proof
fountain pen
four flush
four-eyed fish
four-leaf clover
four-letter word
fourth dimension
fourth estate
fovea centralis
fowling piece
fox grape
fox hunting
fox squirrel
fox terrier
fox trot
fractional currency
fractional distillation
fragmentation bomb
frame aerial
frame house
frame line
fraternal insurance
fraternity house
freak out
free agent
free association
free balloon
free city
free coinage
free companion
free company
free energy
free enterprise
free fall
free form
free gold
free hand
free house
free list
free liver
free love
free port
free radical
free rider
free silver
free socage
free speech
free thought
free throw
free trade
free verse
free will
free zone
freedom fighter
freedom rider
freezing mixture
freezing point
freight agent
freight car
freight ton
freight train
frequency band
frequency distribution
frequency modulation
fresh breeze
fresh gale
fret saw
friar's lantern
friction clutch
friction match
friction tape
frigate bird
fringe benefit
fringe tree
fringed orchis
fringing reef
frit fly
frock coat
frog kick
frog spit
front bench
front door
front line
front man
front matter
front room
front runner
frontal bone
frontal lobe
frost heave
frost line
frost smoke
frozen pudding
fruit cup
fruit fly
fruit knife
fruit salad
fruit sugar
fruit tree
frying pan
fuel cell
fuel injection
fuel oil
full blood
full dress
full house
full moon
full nelson
full professor
full sail
full score
full stop
full swing
full tilt
full time
fuller's earth
fuller's teasel
fulminating powder
fulminic acid
fumaric acid
function word
functional calculus
functional disease
functional group
functional illiterate
fundamental particle
fundamental unit
funded debt
funeral director
funeral home
funicular railway
funk hole
funnel cloud
funny bone
funny paper
fur farm
fur seal
fused quartz
fusel oil
fusible metal
fusion bomb
futtock plate
futtock shroud
future life
future perfect
gable end
gable roof
gable window
gag rule
galactic circle
galactic coordinates
galactic equator
galactic latitude
galactic longitude
galactic plane
galactic poles
galanty show
gall midge
gall wasp
gallery forest
galley proof
galley slave
gallic acid
gallows bird
gallows humor
gallows tree
galvanic pile
galvanized iron
gama grass
gambling house
gambrel roof
game bird
game fish
game fowl
game point
game room
game theory
game warden
gamma globulin
gamma iron
gamma radiation
gamma ray
gandy dancer
gang plow
gang saw
gangway ladder
gapped scale
garbage can
garbage truck
garboard strake
garden cress
garden party
garden warbler
garrison cap
garter belt
garter snake
garter stitch
gas attack
gas black
gas burner
gas chamber
gas coal
gas constant
gas engine
gas fitter
gas fixture
gas furnace
gas gangrene
gas jet
gas log
gas main
gas mantle
gas mask
gas meter
gas oil
gas plant
gas range
gas station
gas thermometer
gas tube
gas turbine
gas well
gastric juice
gastric ulcer
gate-leg table
gazelle hound
gefilte fish
gel mineral
gene flow
gene pool
genealogical tree
general court-martial
general delivery
general election
general headquarters
general hospital
general linguistics
general officer
general paralysis
general partner
general practitioner
general semantics
general sessions
general staff
general store
general strike
generative grammar
genetic code
genius loci
gentian blue
gentian violet
gentle breeze
gentleman's gentleman
gentlemen's agreement
geocentric parallax
geodesic dome
geographical mile
geometric mean
geometric progression
geometric ratio
geometric series
geometrical optics
geotectonic geology
germ cell
germ layer
germ plasm
germ theory
germ warfare
germinal vesicle
get about
get across
get ahead
get along
get around
get at
get away
get back
get by
get down
get in
get into
get off
get on
get over
get round
get through
get up
ghost dance
ghost moth
ghost town
ghost word
giant panda
giant powder
giant star
giant tortoise
gibberellic acid
gift tax
gill fungus
gill net
gill slit
gimlet eye
gin rickey
gin rummy
gin sling
ginger ale
ginger beer
ginger group
ginger snap
ginger wine
gingerbread tree
girdle-tailed lizard
girl Friday
give away
give in
give off
give out
give over
give up
given name
glacial epoch
glacial period
glad eye
glad hand
glad rags
glandular fever
glass cutter
glass harmonica
glass jaw
glass snake
glass wool
glaucous gull
glee club
glide bomb
gliding joint
glitter ice
glory hole
glossopharyngeal nerve
glottal stop
glove compartment
glow discharge
glow lamp
glutamic acid
gluten bread
gluteus maximus
glyceric acid
glyceryl trinitrate
glycolic acid
go about
go against
go ahead
go along
go around
go at
go away
go back
go by
go down
go for
go forth
go in
go into
go off
go on
go out
go over
go slow
go through
go to
go together
go under
go up
go with
go-go dancer
goal line
goal post
goat antelope
gold basis
gold beetle
gold certificate
gold digger
gold dust
gold fever
gold foil
gold leaf
gold mine
gold mining
gold note
gold plate
gold point
gold reserve
gold rush
gold standard
gold-exchange standard
goldbeater's skin
golden age
golden aster
golden calf
golden chain
golden eagle
golden goose
golden mean
golden oriole
golden pheasant
golden plover
golden retriever
golden rule
golden section
golden syrup
golden wattle
goldsmith beetle
golf bag
golf ball
golf club
golf course
gondola car
gone away
gong buoy
good Joe
good Samaritan
good afternoon
good behavior
good cheer
good day
good egg
good evening
good faith
good fellow
good humor
good looks
good morning
good nature
good night
good offices
good sort
good turn
good use
gooney bird
goose barnacle
goose flesh
goose grass
goose grease
goose pimples
goose step
gopher snake
gopher wood
gospel truth
government issue
governor general
gr. wt.
grab bag
grab rope
grace cup
grace note
grace period
grade crossing
grade school
graduate nurse
graduate school
graft hybrid
graham cracker
graham flour
grain alcohol
grain elevator
gram atom
gram calorie
gram equivalent
gram molecule
grama grass
grammar school
grammatical gender
grammatical meaning
grand duchess
grand duchy
grand duke
grand jury
grand larceny
grand mal
grand opera
grand piano
grand slam
grand tour
grand vizier
grande dame
grandfather clause
grandfather clock
granny knot
granulated sugar
granulation tissue
grape fern
grape hyacinth
grape sugar
graph paper
graphic arts
grapple plant
grappling iron
grass cloth
grass court
grass hockey
grass roots
grass snake
grass tree
grass widow
graven image
gravimetric analysis
graving dock
gravitational constant
gravitational field
gravity cell
gravity dam
gravity fault
gravity knife
gravity wind
gravy boat
gravy train
gray eminence
gray fox
gray market
gray matter
gray wolf
grease cup
grease gun
grease monkey
greasy spoon
great ape
great auk
great calorie
great circle
great council
great gross
great pox
great primer
great seal
great tit
great year
great-circle sailing
green algae
green bean
green belt
green corn
green dragon
green fingers
green gland
green glass
green heron
green light
green manure
green mold
green monkey
green onion
green pepper
green plover
green soap
green tea
green thumb
green turtle
green vitriol
green woodpecker
greenbottle fly
greenhouse effect
greenstick fracture
grid bias
grid variation
grinding wheel
grizzly bear
grooving plane
gros point
gross profit
gross ton
gross weight
ground bait
ground bass
ground beetle
ground cherry
ground cloth
ground cover
ground crew
ground floor
ground glass
ground hog
ground ice
ground ivy
ground log
ground loop
ground pine
ground plan
ground plate
ground plum
ground rent
ground rule
ground squirrel
ground state
ground stroke
ground swell
ground water
ground wave
ground zero
ground-controlled approach
group insurance
group marriage
group practice
group therapy
grow into
grow up
growing pains
growth hormone
growth ring
growth stock
grozing iron
grub hoe
guaranteed bond
guaranteed stock
guard cell
guard hair
guard ring
guard ship
guardian angel
gudgeon pin
guest rope
guide dog
guide rope
guided missile
guided wave
guild socialism
guinea fowl
guinea grains
guinea grass
guinea hen
guinea pig
gum ammoniac
gum arabic
gum benzoin
gum dammar
gum elastic
gum elemi
gum plant
gum resin
gum up
gun carriage
gun deck
gun dog
gun for
gun metal
gun moll
gun room
gun tackle
gung ho
gym shoe
gyp joint
gypsy moth
gyro horizon
gyromagnetic ratio
gyrostatic compass
habeas corpus
hack hammer
hacking jacket
hackle fly
hackney coach
hair follicle
hair hygrometer
hair seal
hair shirt
hair space
hair stroke
hair trigger
half blood
half boot
half brother
half cadence
half crown
half deck
half dollar
half eagle
half frame
half gainer
half hitch
half hose
half note
half sister
half step
half time
half volley
half-seas over
halfway house
halibut-liver oil
hammer beam
hammer out
hand down
hand drill
hand glass
hand grenade
hand in
hand on
hand organ
hand over
hand truck
handlebar moustache
hang about
hang back
hang in
hang on
hang out
hang together
hang up
hanging buttress
hanging post
hanging valley
hanging wall
hapax legomenon
harbor seal
hard candy
hard cash
hard cider
hard coal
hard copy
hard core
hard court
hard goods
hard hat
hard labor
hard landing
hard lines
hard palate
hard paste
hard rock
hard rubber
hard sauce
hard sell
hard wheat
hard-shell clam
hard-shell crab
hark back
harlequin bug
harlequin duck
harlequin opal
harmonic analysis
harmonic mean
harmonic motion
harmonic progression
harmonic series
harmonic tone
harness cask
harness hitch
harness race
harnessed antelope
harpoon gun
harpy eagle
harvest home
harvest mite
harvest moon
harvest mouse
hash house
hasty pudding
hat trick
hatchet face
hatchet job
hatchet man
haul off
haul up
haunch bone
haut monde
haute couture
haute cuisine
have at
have on
hawk moth
hawk owl
hawksbill turtle
hawse bag
hawser bend
hay fever
head arrangement
head for
head gate
head lamp
head louse
head money
head off
head register
head resistance
head sea
head start
head tone
head voice
health insurance
health physics
hear out
hearing aid
hearsay evidence
heart attack
heart block
heart cherry
heart failure
heart murmur
heart-lung machine
heat barrier
heat capacity
heat content
heat engine
heat exchanger
heat exhaustion
heat lightning
heat prostration
heat pump
heat rash
heat shield
heat wave
heath cock
heath grass
heath hen
heating element
heating pad
heave down
heave to
heaving-line bend
heavy artillery
heavy bomber
heavy cream
heavy cruiser
heavy earth
heavy hydrogen
heavy spar
heavy water
hedge garlic
hedge hyssop
hedge sparrow
hedonic calculus
heel bone
heir apparent
heir presumptive
helical gear
heliocentric parallax
helping hand
hemp agrimony
hemp nettle
hemp tree
hen party
herb Paris
herb Robert
herb bennet
herd instinct
hermaphrodite brig
hermit crab
hermit thrush
hero sandwich
hero worship
heroic age
heroic couplet
heroic tenor
heroic verse
herpes simplex
herpes zoster
herring gull
herringbone bond
herringbone gear
het up
hexacosanoic acid
hexanoic acid
hic jacet
high camp
high comedy
high command
high commissioner
high day
high explosive
high fashion
high fidelity
high frequency
high hat
high jinks
high jump
high jumper
high noon
high place
high point
high priest
high relief
high school
high schooler
high sea
high seas
high sign
high society
high spirits
high spot
high table
high tea
high tide
high time
high treason
high water
high wire
high-angle fire
high-speed steel
high-water mark
higher arithmetic
higher criticism
higher education
higher mathematics
highway robbery
hill myna
hill station
hillbilly music
hinging post
hip bath
hip joint
hip roof
hired hand
historical geology
historical linguistics
historical materialism
historical method
historical novel
historical present
historical school
hit off
hitching post
hobble skirt
hod carrier
hog cholera
hog peanut
hognose snake
hoi polloi
hold back
hold down
hold forth
hold in
hold off
hold on
hold out
hold over
hold together
hold with
holding company
holding pattern
hole up
hollandaise sauce
holly fern
holm oak
holy day
holy orders
holy place
holy rood
holy synod
holy war
holy water
home economics
home guard
home plate
home range
home rule
home run
homestead law
homing pigeon
hominy grits
homologous chromosomes
homolosine projection
honey buzzard
honey guide
honey locust
honey mesquite
honey plant
honeydew melon
honeysuckle ornament
honor point
honor roll
honoris causa
hooded crow
hooded seal
hoof-and-mouth disease
hooked rug
hoop pine
hoop skirt
hoop snake
hoot owl
hop clover
hope chest
horizontal bar
horizontal stabilizer
horizontal union
horn in
horn silver
horned lizard
horned owl
horned poppy
horned pout
horned screamer
horned toad
horned viper
hornet's nest
hors concours
hors d'oeuvre
horse around
horse bean
horse brass
horse chestnut
horse gentian
horse latitudes
horse mackerel
horse marine
horse nettle
horse opera
horse pistol
horse sense
horse trader
horseshoe arch
horseshoe crab
horseshoe magnet
hortus siccus
hospital bed
hospital corner
hospital ship
hospitalization insurance
hostel school
hot air
hot cake
hot cockles
hot dog
hot lick
hot line
hot metal
hot money
hot pants
hot pepper
hot plate
hot potato
hot rod
hot seat
hot spot
hot spring
hot stuff
hot war
hot water
hot-air balloon
hot-cathode tube
hot-water bag
hot-water bottle
hour angle
hour circle
hour hand
house agent
house arrest
house detective
house finch
house flag
house martin
house mouse
house organ
house party
house physician
house sparrow
house trailer
household gods
household troops
housemaid's knee
hula skirt
human being
human interest
human nature
human rights
humane society
humble pie
humeral veil
hummingbird moth
hunger strike
hunt down
hunt up
hunter's moon
hunting ground
hunting horn
hunting knife
hurricane deck
hurricane lamp
hush money
hush puppy
hush up
husking bee
hyaline cartilage
hyaloid membrane
hyaluronic acid
hydnocarpic acid
hydraulic brake
hydraulic lift
hydraulic mining
hydraulic press
hydraulic ram
hydrazoic acid
hydriodic acid
hydrobromic acid
hydrochloric acid
hydrocyanic acid
hydrofluoric acid
hydrogen bomb
hydrogen bromide
hydrogen chloride
hydrogen cyanide
hydrogen fluoride
hydrogen iodide
hydrogen ion
hydrogen peroxide
hydrologic cycle
hydroxy acid
hyperbolic function
hyperbolic geometry
hyperfine structure
hyperfocal distance
hypoaeolian mode
hypochlorous acid
hypochromic anemia
hypodermic needle
hypodermic syringe
hypodorian mode
hypoglossal nerve
hypoid gear
hypolydian mode
hypomixolydian mode
hyponitrous acid
hypophosphoric acid
hypophosphorous acid
hypophrygian mode
hypothetical imperative
hysteron proteron
ice age
ice bag
ice belt
ice cave
ice cream
ice cube
ice field
ice floe
ice foot
ice front
ice hockey
ice island
ice machine
ice milk
ice needle
ice pack
ice pick
ice plant
ice point
ice sheet
ice shelf
ice show
ice skate
ice storm
ice water
ice yacht
ice-cream cone
ice-cream soda
iceberg lettuce
ichneumon fly
icing sugar
id est
ideal gas
identical proposition
identification tag
idiot board
idle pulley
idle wheel
ignis fatuus
ignoratio elenchi
ill fame
ill feeling
ill temper
ill will
image dissector
image orthicon
imaginary number
immediate annuity
immediate constituent
imp. gal.
imperial gallon
imposing stone
improper fraction
improper integral
impulse buying
impulse turbine
in absentia
in aeternum
in camera
in esse
in extenso
in extremis
in limine
in loco
in mem.
in memoriam
in perpetuum
in personam
in petto
in posse
in re
in rem
in situ
in toto
in transitu
in utero
in vacuo
in vitro
in vivo
inasmuch as
incandescent lamp
incidental music
inclined plane
inclusion body
income account
income bond
income tax
incubation period
indecent assault
indecent exposure
indefinite article
indefinite integral
indefinite pronoun
indentured servant
independent variable
indeterminacy principle
indeterminate sentence
index card
index finger
index number
indigo blue
indigo bunting
indigo snake
indirect initiative
indirect lighting
indirect object
indirect tax
indoleacetic acid
indolebutyric acid
induced drag
induction coil
induction heating
induction motor
inductive reactance
industrial design
industrial park
industrial psychology
industrial school
industrial union
inert gas
inertial guidance
inertial system
infantile paralysis
infectious hepatitis
infectious mononucleosis
inferior planet
inferiority complex
infernal machine
infinitesimal calculus
inflationary spiral
information retrieval
information theory
infra dig
ingot iron
inheritance tax
inkhorn term
inland bill
inner bar
inner ear
inner jib
inner man
inner space
inner tube
innominate bone
inorganic chemistry
inside job
insofar as
installment plan
instrument flying
instrument landing
instrument panel
instrumental conditioning
insulin shock
integral calculus
intelligence bureau
intelligence quotient
intelligence test
intensive care
inter alia
inter alios
inter nos
inter se
intercommunication system
interior angle
interior decoration
interior decorator
interior monologue
interlibrary loan
interlocking directorate
intermediate frequency
intermittent fever
internal ear
internal energy
internal evidence
internal medicine
internal rhyme
internal secretion
internal-combustion engine
international candle
international law
international pitch
internment camp
interpretative dance
interrogation mark
interrupted screw
interstitial-cell-stimulating hormone
intestinal fortitude
intonation pattern
intransitive verb
intrauterine device
inverse function
invert sugar
inverted comma
inverted mordent
inverted pleat
investment bank
investment company
investment trust
invisible ink
involutional melancholia
iodic acid
ion engine
ion exchange
ion rocket
ionic bond
ionization chamber
ipse dixit
ipsissima verba
ipso facto
ipso jure
iris diaphragm
iron curtain
iron gray
iron hand
iron horse
iron lung
iron man
iron pyrites
ironing board
irrational number
irrespective of
island universe
isoamyl acetate
isocyanic acid
isoelectric point
isopropyl alcohol
isothermal line
issue par
itch mite
item veto
ivory black
ivory gull
ivory nut
ivory palm
ivory tower
jack bean
jack cheese
jack ladder
jack pine
jack plane
jack rabbit
jack rafter
jack staff
jack up
jai alai
jail delivery
jam session
jaunting car
jazz band
jazz up
jeep carrier
jelly doughnut
jelly roll
jerry can
jet engine
jet lag
jet pipe
jet plane
jet propulsion
jet set
jet stream
jeu d'esprit
jeune fille
jeune premier
jib boom
jib guy
jigsaw puzzle
jimson weed
jingle bell
job lot
jockey cap
joe-pye weed
jog trot
joggle post
joint account
joint resolution
joint stock
joint-stock company
jointer plane
jolly boat
jolly jumper
joss house
joss stick
journal box
joy ride
joy stick
judge advocate
judicial separation
jug band
jugged hare
jugular vein
jumble sale
jumbo jet
jump at
jump ball
jump bid
jump head
jump on
jump seat
jump shot
jump suit
jump turn
jumping bean
jumping jack
jumping mouse
jumping-off place
junction transistor
jungle fever
jungle fowl
jungle rot
junior college
junior counsel
junior miss
junior school
juridical days
juristic act
jury box
jury list
jus canonicum
jus civile
jus divinum
jus gentium
jus naturale
jus sanguinis
jus soli
just intonation
juvenile court
juvenile delinquency
juvenile delinquent
kaleyard school
kangaroo court
kangaroo rat
kauri resin
keel over
keep at
keep away
keep back
keep down
keep from
keep in
keep off
keep on
keep out
keep under
keep up
kerb market
keto form
keto-enol tautomerism
ketone body
ketone group
kettle hole
key fruit
key money
key punch
key signature
key up
key word
keyhole saw
keynote address
kick off
kick pleat
kick turn
kid gloves
kidney bean
kidney stone
kidney vetch
killer whale
killing frost
kinematic viscosity
kinetic art
kinetic energy
king cobra
king crab
king post
king salmon
king snake
king's evidence
king's evil
king's highway
king's ransom
king's shilling
kingdom come
kissing bug
kissing gate
kit bag
kit fox
kitchen cabinet
kitchen garden
kitchen midden
kitchen police
kitchen sink
klieg light
knee breeches
knee jerk
knife edge
knife pleat
knife switch
knight bachelor
knight banneret
knitting needle
knock about
knock back
knock down
knock off
knock up
knockout drops
known quantity
knuckle down
knuckle joint
knuckle under
kola nut
labia majora
labia minora
labor camp
labor union
labour exchange
labyrinth fish
lac insect
lacrimal duct
lacrimal gland
lactic acid
lactogenic hormone
ladder back
ladder tournament
ladder truck
ladies' man
lady bountiful
lady fern
lady's maid
lady's man
lag screw
laid paper
laissez faire
lake dweller
lake dwelling
lake herring
lake trout
lamb's wool
lame duck
laminar flow
lamp shell
lamper eel
lance corporal
lance rest
lance sergeant
lancet arch
lancet window
land agent
land bank
land crab
land grant
land measure
land mine
land office
land rail
land reform
land tax
land-office business
landing craft
landing field
landing gear
landing net
landing stage
landing strip
landscape architecture
landscape gardening
langue d'oc
lantern fish
lantern fly
lantern jaw
lantern slide
lap dissolve
lap dog
lap joint
lap robe
lap up
lapis lazuli
lapse rate
lapsus calami
lapsus linguae
lard oil
larder beetle
large calorie
large intestine
largemouth bass
last name
last out
last post
last quarter
last rites
last straw
last word
lateen sail
latency period
latent content
latent heat
latent period
lateral pass
latissimus dorsi
lattice girder
latus rectum
laugh away
laugh off
laughing gas
laughing hyena
laughing jackass
launch pad
launching pad
lauric acid
lauryl alcohol
law agent
law court
law merchant
lawn mower
lawn party
lawn sleeves
lawn tennis
lay analyst
lay aside
lay away
lay brother
lay down
lay figure
lay in
lay into
lay off
lay on
lay out
lay over
lay reader
lay sister
lay to
lay up
layer cake
lazy Susan
lazy tongs
lb. ap.
lb. av.
lb. t.
lead acetate
lead arsenate
lead colic
lead glass
lead line
lead monoxide
lead off
lead on
lead pencil
lead poisoning
lead screw
lead tetraethyl
lead time
lead-pipe cinch
leading article
leading edge
leading lady
leading light
leading man
leading question
leading strings
leaf bud
leaf fat
leaf insect
leaf miner
leaf mold
leaf monkey
leaf spot
leaf spring
leap year
least squares
leave behind
leave off
leave out
ledger board
ledger line
lee shore
lee tide
left wing
left-luggage office
leg bye
leg-of-mutton sail
legal aid
legal cap
legal chemistry
legal holiday
legal medicine
legal separation
legal tender
leger line
legionary ant
legislative assembly
lemon balm
lemon drop
lemon geranium
lemon grass
lemon squash
lemon verbena
lending library
leopard frog
leopard lily
leopard moth
lese majesty
lesser panda
let down
let in
let into
let off
let on
let out
let up
letter box
letter carrier
letter drop
letters patent
letters testamentary
leuco base
level crossing
level line
lex loci
lex scripta
lex talionis
lexical meaning
liability insurance
liberal arts
liberal education
liberty cap
library binding
library edition
library paste
library science
license plate
lich gate
lie detector
lie down
lie in
lie to
lie up
lieutenant colonel
lieutenant commander
lieutenant general
lieutenant governor
life belt
life buoy
life cycle
life expectancy
life history
life instinct
life jacket
life mask
life net
life preserver
life raft
life science
life span
life table
life vest
lift pump
lifting body
light air
light bomber
light breeze
light bulb
light cream
light cruiser
light heavyweight
light horse
light into
light meter
light music
light opera
light out
light quantum
light show
light up
light verse
lightning arrester
lightning bug
lightning conductor
lightning rod
lights out
lignum vitae
lily iron
lily pad
lima bean
limber hole
limber up
lime burner
limit point
limit switch
limited company
limited edition
limited liability
limited monarchy
line drawing
line drive
line engraving
line gauge
line squall
line storm
line-of-battle ship
linear accelerator
linear algebra
linear measure
linear perspective
linear programming
linen closet
linen paper
lingua franca
linguistic atlas
linguistic form
linguistic geography
link motion
linking verb
linoleic acid
linseed oil
lion's share
lip reading
lip service
liquid air
liquid crystal
liquid fire
liquid glass
liquid measure
liquid oxygen
liquid petrolatum
liquidity preference
liquor up
lis pendens
list price
listen in
listening post
lit up
litchi nut
literae humaniores
literary agent
lithia water
litmus paper
little finger
little hours
little man
little office
little owl
little people
little slam
little theater
litz wire
live load
live oak
live steam
live together
live wire
liver extract
liver fluke
liver sausage
livery stable
living death
living picture
living room
living wage
load displacement
load factor
load line
loading coil
loan office
loan shark
loan translation
loan word
lobar pneumonia
loblolly boy
lobster Newburg
lobster pot
lobster thermidor
lobster trick
loc. cit.
local color
local government
local option
local oscillator
local time
lock out
lock step
lock stitch
lock up
locker plant
loco citato
loco disease
locomotor ataxia
locum tenens
locus classicus
locus sigilli
locus standi
lodging house
log canoe
log chip
log line
logan stone
loggan stone
logical positivism
lone hand
lone wolf
long account
long arm
long cross
long distance
long dozen
long face
long haul
long horse
long house
long hundredweight
long johns
long jump
long measure
long moss
long pig
long primer
long shot
long suit
long tom
long ton
long vacation
long wave
long-eared owl
long-horned beetle
long-term bond
longitudinal wave
longleaf pine
look after
look back
look on
look over
look through
look up
looking glass
loony bin
loop knot
loose end
loose smut
lose out
loss leader
loss ratio
lost cause
lost tribes
lost-wax process
loud pedal
louis d'or
lounge lizard
lounge suit
louping ill
love affair
love apple
love child
love feast
love game
love knot
love letter
love match
love nest
love potion
love seat
love set
loving cup
low brass
low camp
low comedy
low explosive
low frequency
low pitch
low profile
low relief
low tide
low water
low-water mark
lower case
lower chamber
lower class
lower criticism
lower deck
lower house
lower world
lubber line
lubber's hole
luff tackle
lug wrench
lumber room
luminous energy
luminous flux
luminous intensity
lumpy jaw
luna moth
lunar caustic
lunar eclipse
lunar module
lunar month
lunar year
lunatic asylum
lunatic fringe
luncheon meat
lunitidal interval
lupus erythematosus
lupus vulgaris
lusus naturae
luteinizing hormone
lych gate
lyme grass
lymph cell
lymph gland
lynch law
lysergic acid
machine bolt
machine gun
machine language
machine pistol
machine screw
machine shop
machine tool
mackerel sky
macrocytic anemia
mad staggers
madder lake
magic carpet
magic lantern
magnesium oxide
magnetic axis
magnetic bearing
magnetic circuit
magnetic compass
magnetic course
magnetic declination
magnetic dip
magnetic equator
magnetic field
magnetic flux
magnetic force
magnetic induction
magnetic meridian
magnetic mine
magnetic moment
magnetic needle
magnetic north
magnetic pickup
magnetic pole
magnetic potential
magnetic storm
magnetic tape
magnetic variation
magnetomotive force
magnifying glass
magnum opus
magnus hitch
maiden name
maiden over
maiden voyage
mail car
mail order
mailing list
main body
main course
main deck
main line
main yard
maitre d'hotel
major axis
major general
major league
major mode
major orders
major planet
major premise
major scale
major triad
make believe
make for
make off
make out
make over
mala fide
mala fides
maleic acid
malic acid
malice aforethought
malleable iron
malonic acid
malt extract
malt liquor
malted milk
mama's boy
mammary gland
man Friday
managed currency
managing editor
manganese bronze
manganese steel
manhood suffrage
manor house
mantis shrimp
mantle rock
manual training
map out
map projection
maple sugar
maple syrup
maraschino cherry
marble cake
marching orders
mare liberum
mare nostrum
margaric acid
marine engineer
marine insurance
mariner's compass
market garden
market gardening
market order
market price
market research
market town
market value
marmalade tree
marram grass
marriage portion
marrow squash
marry off
marsh elder
marsh fever
marsh gas
marsh harrier
marsh hawk
marsh hen
marsh mallow
marsh marigold
martial law
martingale boom
masculine caesura
masculine rhyme
masked ball
masking tape
mason bee
mass media
mass meeting
mass noun
mass number
mass spectrograph
mass spectrometer
mass spectroscope
master hand
master key
master sergeant
master stroke
master's degree
mater dolorosa
materia medica
mathematical expectation
mathematical logic
matrimony vine
may tree
mea culpa
meadow fescue
meadow grass
meadow lily
meadow mouse
meadow mushroom
meadow rue
meadow saffron
mean distance
mean sun
mean time
means test
measure off
measure out
measure up
measurement ton
measuring cup
measuring worm
mechanic's lien
mechanical advantage
mechanical drawing
mechanical engineer
mechanical engineering
medal play
median strip
medical examiner
medical jurisprudence
medicine ball
medicine man
medium bomber
medium frequency
medium shot
medulla oblongata
medullary sheath
melamine resin
melting point
melting pot
membrane bone
memento mori
memorial park
memory bank
memory span
memory trace
men's room
mental age
mental block
mental deficiency
mental healing
mental hospital
mental reservation
mental retardation
mercantile agency
mercantile paper
merchant bank
merchant marine
merchant navy
merchant ship
mercuric chloride
mercuric oxide
mercurous chloride
mercury chloride
mercury fulminate
mercury-vapor lamp
mercy killing
mercy seat
meridian circle
merit system
mermaid's purse
merry dancers
mesh knot
mesne lord
mess hall
mess jacket
mess kit
messenger RNA
metallic soap
meteor shower
meteor swarm
meteoric shower
methacrylate resin
methacrylic acid
methane series
methoxy DDT
methyl alcohol
methyl bromide
methyl chloride
methyl orange
methylated spirits
methylene blue
metric hundredweight
metric system
metric ton
mezza voce
microcosmic salt
micrometer caliper
micrometer screw
microwave spectroscopy
middle C
middle age
middle class
middle ear
middle finger
middle game
middle ground
middle passage
middle school
middle term
middle watch
middy blouse
midnight blue
midnight sun
midwife toad
milch cow
mild steel
miles gloriosus
miliary tuberculosis
military academy
military government
military law
military march
military pace
military police
military school
military science
milk bar
milk chocolate
milk fever
milk glass
milk leg
milk punch
milk run
milk shake
milk sickness
milk snake
milk sugar
milk thistle
milk tooth
milk train
milk vetch
milking stool
mill wheel
milling machine
mind deafness
mind's eye
mine detector
mineral charcoal
mineral kingdom
mineral oil
mineral pitch
mineral spring
mineral tar
mineral water
mineral wax
miniature camera
miniature photography
minimum wage
mining geology
minister plenipotentiary
minister resident
minor axis
minor key
minor mode
minor orders
minor planet
minor premise
minor scale
minor term
minor triad
minority group
minority leader
minstrel show
mint julep
mint sauce
minus sign
minute gun
minute hand
minute steak
mirabile dictu
miracle play
mirror image
misch metal
misplaced modifier
miss out
missal stand
missel thrush
missing link
missionary apostolic
mistle thrush
miter box
mitral insufficiency
mitral stenosis
mitral valve
mixed bag
mixed blessing
mixed bud
mixed farming
mixed grill
mixed marriage
mixed number
mixolydian mode
mobile home
mobile unit
moccasin flower
mock moon
mock orange
mock sun
modal auxiliary
moderate breeze
moderate gale
modern dance
modern jazz
modus operandi
modus vivendi
mol. wt.
mole cricket
molecular beam
molecular biology
molecular distillation
molecular film
molecular formula
molecular volume
molecular weight
monetary unit
money market
money order
monk's cloth
monkey bread
monkey business
monkey flower
monkey jacket
monkey nut
monkey puzzle
monkey rail
monkey suit
monkey wrench
monosodium glutamate
mons veneris
montan wax
moon blindness
mooring mast
moot court
mop up
moral hazard
moral philosophy
moral theology
moral turpitude
morality play
morning coat
morning dress
morning glory
morning loan
morning sickness
morning star
morning watch
morris dance
mortal sin
mortality table
mortgage bond
mortise lock
mosaic gold
mosquito boat
mosquito fleet
mosquito hawk
mosquito net
moss pink
moss rose
mot juste
mother country
mother superior
mother tongue
mother wit
motion picture
motion sickness
motion study
motive power
motor coach
motor court
motor scooter
motor truck
motor vehicle
motor vessel
motu proprio
mountain ash
mountain cat
mountain chain
mountain goat
mountain laurel
mountain lion
mountain range
mountain sheep
mountain sickness
mourners' bench
mourning band
mourning cloak
mourning dove
mouse deer
mouth organ
movable-do system
move in
move out
movie camera
movie house
moving picture
moving staircase
mow down
mu meson
mucous membrane
mud dauber
mud flat
mud hen
mud puppy
mud turtle
muddle through
mule deer
mule skinner
multiflora rose
multiple alleles
multiple factors
multiple personality
multiple sclerosis
multiple voting
multiplication sign
mumbo jumbo
muriatic acid
murrhine glass
muscae volitantes
muscle sense
muscular dystrophy
musette bag
museum piece
mushroom anchor
mushroom cloud
music box
music drama
music hall
music paper
music roll
music stand
musical box
musical chairs
musical comedy
musk deer
musk ox
musk turtle
mustard gas
mustard oil
mustard plaster
muster roll
mutation stop
mutatis mutandis
mute swan
mutton chop
mutual fund
mutual inductance
mutual induction
mutual insurance
myasthenia gravis
myelin sheath
myocardial infarction
mystery play
nacreous cloud
nail down
nail file
nail polish
nail set
name day
nanny goat
narrow gauge
nasal index
national anthem
national bank
national debt
national forest
national income
national park
natural child
natural childbirth
natural death
natural gas
natural gender
natural history
natural language
natural law
natural number
natural philosophy
natural realism
natural resources
natural right
natural rubber
natural science
natural selection
natural theology
natural virtues
nature study
nature worship
nautical mile
navel orange
navy bean
navy blue
navy plug
navy yard
naya paisa
neap tide
near beer
near miss
near rhyme
near thing
neat's-foot oil
nebular hypothesis
needle valve
negative feedback
nem. con.
nemine dissentiente
neon lamp
neroli oil
nerve gas
nerve impulse
nervous breakdown
nervous prostration
nervous system
nest egg
net profit
net ton
nether world
netting knot
nettle rash
neutral spirits
neutron star
new broom
new criticism
new look
new moon
new wave
newel post
news agency
news conference
news service
next friend
nickel plate
nickel silver
nicotinic acid
nictitating membrane
night blindness
night clothes
night crawler
night heron
night latch
night letter
night light
night owl
night raven
night robe
night school
night shift
night soil
night watch
night watchman
nihil obstat
nil desperandum
nineteenth hole
ninth chord
nisi prius
nitric acid
nitric bacteria
nitric oxide
nitrogen cycle
nitrogen dioxide
nitrogen fixation
nitrogen mustard
nitrogen tetroxide
nitrohydrochloric acid
nitrous acid
nitrous bacteria
nitrous oxide
noble savage
noblesse oblige
nod off
nol. pros.
nolens volens
nolle prosequi
nominal value
nominal wages
non pros.
non prosequitur
non seq.
non sequitur
non troppo
non-Euclidean geometry
nonanoic acid
nonce word
noncommissioned officer
noncondensing engine
nondirective therapy
nonsense verse
nonunion shop
normal curve
normal distribution
normal pitch
normal school
northern lights
nose cone
nose dive
nose out
nose ring
nota bene
notary public
note broker
note row
noun phrase
nouveau riche
nouvelle vague
nt. wt.
nuclear energy
nuclear family
nuclear fission
nuclear fuel
nuclear fusion
nuclear isomer
nuclear physics
nuclear power
nuclear reaction
nuclear reactor
nuclear warhead
nucleic acid
nudum pactum
nuisance tax
nullius filius
number one
number theory
numbers pool
nurse shark
nurse's aide
nursery rhyme
nursery school
nursing home
nut oil
nutmeg melon
nux vomica
oak apple
oat grass
obiter dictum
object ball
object glass
object lesson
objet d'art
oblique angle
oblique motion
oblique sailing
oboe d'amore
observation car
observation post
obstacle race
obtuse angle
occasional table
occipital bone
occipital lobe
occluded front
occulting light
occupational disease
occupational therapy
octane number
oculomotor nerve
odd lot
odontoid process
off Broadway
off chance
off limits
off season
office block
office boy
office hours
office seeker
office-block ballot
ogee arch
ohmic resistance
oil beetle
oil cake
oil paint
oil painting
oil shale
oil slick
old age
old boy
old chap
old country
old fogy
old girl
old gold
old hand
old hat
old lady
old maid
old man
old master
old rose
old school
old soldier
old squaw
old stager
old style
old woman
oleic acid
oleo oil
olfactory bulb
olive branch
olive brown
olive drab
olive oil
olla podrida
on dit
on stream
one another
one-night stand
onion dome
ontological argument
onus probandi
ooze leather
op art
opal glass
opaque projector
open chain
open circuit
open door
open letter
open market
open order
open policy
open primary
open secret
open sesame
open shop
open sight
open up
open-heart surgery
open-hearth furnace
open-hearth process
opera buffa
opera cloak
opera glasses
opera hat
opera house
opera seria
operant conditioning
operating table
operations research
opinion poll
opium poppy
opposite number
opsonic index
opt out
optic nerve
optic thalamus
optical activity
optical bench
optical glass
optical illusion
optical isomerism
optical maser
optical rotation
orange blossom
orange pekoe
orbital velocity
orchard grass
order about
order arms
orderly officer
ordinal number
ordinary ray
ordinary seaman
ore dressing
organ pipe
organic chemistry
organic disease
organization man
organized labor
organized militia
original sin
orthoboric acid
orthophosphoric acid
osmotic pressure
ostrich fern
other world
ottava rima
out sister
outboard motor
outer ear
outer jib
outer space
outlaw strike
outside loop
overhand knot
oxalic acid
oxonium compound
oxygen acid
oxygen mask
oxygen tent
oyster bed
oyster crab
oyster plant
oyster white
oz. ap.
oz. av.
pack ice
pack in
pack rat
package deal
package store
packing box
packing fraction
packing house
padded cell
paddle wheel
pagoda tree
painted woman
painter's colic
pair production
pair royal
palace revolution
palette knife
pallet knife
palm oil
palm sugar
palm wine
palolo worm
pampas grass
pan gravy
pancake ice
pancreatic fibrosis
pancreatic juice
panel heating
panel house
panel saw
panel truck
panoramic sight
pantothenic acid
panty girdle
papal cross
paper chase
paper doll
paper knife
paper money
paper mulberry
paper tiger
par excellence
par exemple
par value
para-aminobenzoic acid
paradise fish
paraffin wax
parallel bars
parallel sailing
paralysis agitans
parasite drag
parathyroid gland
paratyphoid fever
parcel post
parhelic circle
pari passu
parietal bone
parietal cell
parietal lobe
parish clerk
parish council
parish register
parity check
parking meter
parking orbit
parl. proc.
parliamentary agent
parochial school
parquet circle
parrot fever
parson bird
parson's nose
part music
part song
parti pris
partial derivative
partial eclipse
partial pressure
partial tone
participating insurance
party line
party man
party politics
party wall
party whip
party-column ballot
pas seul
paschal candle
paschal flower
paschal lamb
paschal letter
paso doble
pass by
pass off
pass out
pass over
pass up
passenger pigeon
passing bell
passion fruit
passive immunity
passive resistance
past master
past participle
past perfect
pastoral letter
pastoral staff
pat. pend.
patch pocket
patch test
patent leather
patent log
patent medicine
patent right
pathetic fallacy
patriarchal cross
patrol car
patrol wagon
patron saint
patter song
pattern bombing
paving stone
pawn ticket
pay back
pay dirt
pay for
pay off
pay out
pay up
paying guest
pea crab
pea green
pea jacket
peace offensive
peace offering
peace officer
peace pipe
peacock blue
peacock ore
peanut butter
peanut gallery
peanut oil
pearl barley
pearl gray
pearl millet
pease pudding
peat moss
pebble dash
pecking order
pectic acid
pectoral girdle
peculiar people
pedal point
peel off
peep show
peep sight
peer group
peg down
peg leg
peg out
pelargonic acid
pelvic fin
pelvic girdle
pen name
pen pal
penal code
penal servitude
penalty box
pendant tackle
pendente lite
penis envy
penny ante
penny arcade
pension off
pentatonic scale
people's front
pep talk
pepper mill
pepper pot
pepper tree
peptic ulcer
per annum
per capita
per contra
per diem
per mensem
per mill
per pro.
per se
perboric acid
perchloric acid
percussion cap
percussion instrument
peregrine falcon
pereira bark
perfect binding
perfect cadence
perfect gas
perfect number
perfect participle
perfect pitch
perfect rhyme
perfecting press
performing arts
perilla oil
period piece
periodic law
periodic sentence
perk up
permanent magnet
permanent press
permanent tooth
permanent wave
permanent way
permanganic acid
perpetual calendar
persecution complex
persona grata
personal effects
personal equation
personal pronoun
personal property
personality disorder
personality test
pet name
petit bourgeois
petit four
petit jury
petit larceny
petit mal
petit point
petite marmite
petitio principii
petroleum ether
petroleum jelly
petty cash
petty jury
petty larceny
petty officer
petty sessions
phase microscope
phase modulation
phase rule
phenolic resin
phenyl salicylate
philharmonic pitch
philosophers' stone
phonetic alphabet
phonetic law
phosphate rock
phosphor bronze
phosphoric acid
phosphorous acid
photo finish
photoelectric cell
photoelectric current
photoelectric effect
photoflash lamp
photoflood lamp
photogelatin process
photovoltaic cell
photovoltaic effect
phthalic acid
physic nut
physical anthropology
physical chemistry
physical education
physical examination
physical geography
physical jerks
physical medicine
physical optics
physical science
physical therapy
physiological psychology
pi meson
pia mater
piano accordion
piano player
piano roll
pick at
pick off
pick on
pick out
pickerel frog
picket fence
picket line
picric acid
picture book
picture hat
picture show
picture tube
picture window
picture writing
pidgin English
piece goods
piece out
piecrust table
pier glass
pier table
pig bed
pig iron
pig lead
pigeon breast
pigeon hawk
piggy bank
pile up
pill bug
pillar box
pillow block
pillow lace
pillow sham
pilot balloon
pilot biscuit
pilot boat
pilot burner
pilot film
pilot fish
pilot flag
pilot lamp
pilot light
pilotless aircraft
pin curl
pin down
pin money
pin rail
pin wrench
pinball machine
pinch bar
pinch effect
pinch hitter
pine cone
pine marten
pine needle
pine snake
pine tar
pineal body
pineal eye
pinhole camera
pink lady
pink slip
pinking shears
pinpoint bombing
pinto bean
pipe clay
pipe cleaner
pipe dream
pipe organ
pipe up
pis aller
pistachio green
pistol grip
piston ring
piston rod
pit viper
pitch accent
pitch circle
pitch in
pitch into
pitch pine
pitch pipe
pitch ratio
pitched battle
pitcher plant
pith helmet
pituitary gland
place card
place kick
place setting
plain dealing
plain sail
plain sailing
plain text
plane angle
plane geometry
plane polarization
plane sailing
plane table
plane tree
plane trigonometry
planet wheel
planetary nebula
planned economy
planned parenthood
plant kingdom
plant louse
plant pathology
plantain lily
plasma engine
plasma membrane
plaster cast
plastic art
plastic bomb
plastic operation
plastic surgery
plate glass
platform rocker
platform ticket
platinocyanic acid
platinum black
platoon sergeant
play down
play on
play out
play up
play with
player piano
playing card
playing field
pleasure principle
pleurisy root
pluck up
plug in
plum pudding
plumb bob
plumb line
plumb rule
plunge bath
plunging fire
plural voting
plus fours
pneumatic trough
pneumonic plague
pocket battleship
pocket billiards
pocket borough
pocket gopher
pocket money
pocket mouse
pocket veto
poet laureate
poetic justice
poetic license
point d'appui
point duty
point group
point lace
point out
point source
point system
point up
point-set topology
pointed arch
poison dogwood
poison gas
poison hemlock
poison ivy
poison oak
poison sumac
poison-pen letter
poker dice
polar axis
polar bear
polar coordinates
polar distance
polar equation
polar front
polar lights
polarizing microscope
pole horse
pole vault
police action
police car
police court
police dog
police officer
police state
police station
policy loan
polish off
polish up
political economy
political science
polka dot
poll tax
pollen basket
pollen count
polling booth
polling place
polo pony
polo shirt
polyconic projection
polyphonic prose
polyvinyl acetate
polyvinyl chloride
polyvinyl resin
polyvinylidene chloride
pond lily
pond scum
pons Varolii
pons asinorum
pontoon bridge
pony express
pool hall
pool table
poop deck
poor boy
poor law
pop art
pop off
pope's nose
popping crease
poppy seed
popular etymology
popular front
popular music
popular song
popular sovereignty
population explosion
porcelain clay
pork barrel
pork pie
portal vein
portal-to-portal pay
porte cochere
portmanteau word
position line
positive electricity
positive feedback
posse comitatus
post chaise
post exchange
post hoc
post horn
post house
post meridiem
post office
post road
postage stamp
postal card
postal order
poste restante
posthypnotic suggestion
postmaster general
postmortem examination
pot cheese
pot liquor
pot marigold
pot roast
pot shot
potash alum
potassium carbonate
potassium chlorate
potassium cyanide
potassium ferricyanide
potassium ferrocyanide
potassium hydroxide
potassium nitrate
potassium permanganate
potato beetle
potato bug
potato chip
potato crisp
potato race
potential difference
potential divider
potential energy
potter wasp
potter's field
potter's wheel
pou sto
pouched rat
pouncet box
pound cake
pound net
powder blue
powder burn
powder charge
powder flask
powder horn
powder keg
powder metallurgy
powder mill
powder monkey
powder puff
powder room
powder snow
powdered milk
power amplifier
power brake
power dive
power drill
power line
power loading
power pack
power plant
power politics
power saw
power series
power station
power steering
power structure
power supply
practical joke
practical nurse
practice teacher
pragmatic sanction
prairie breaker
prairie chicken
prairie dog
prairie oyster
prairie schooner
prairie wolf
prayer beads
prayer book
prayer meeting
prayer rug
prayer shawl
prayer wheel
praying mantis
precious stone
precipitation hardening
predicate calculus
preference share
preferential shop
preferential voting
preferred stock
prefrontal lobotomy
premature beat
preparatory school
prepositional phrase
presence chamber
present arms
present participle
present perfect
presidential primary
press agent
press association
press conference
press gallery
press release
press stud
pressed glass
pressure altimeter
pressure altitude
pressure cabin
pressure cooker
pressure gauge
pressure group
pressure head
pressure point
pressure suit
prestressed concrete
presumptive heir
preventer backstay
previous question
price list
price support
price tag
price war
prick song
prickly heat
prickly pear
prickly poppy
prima ballerina
prima donna
prima facie
primary accent
primary cell
primary color
primary election
primary school
primary stress
primary syphilis
prime cost
prime meridian
prime minister
prime mover
prime number
primrose path
primum mobile
prince consort
prince regent
princess royal
principal axis
principal focus
principal parts
print shop
printed circuit
printer's devil
printer's error
printing press
prison psychosis
prisoner's base
private bill
private company
private enterprise
private eye
private parts
private practice
private school
privileged communication
privy chamber
privy council
privy purse
privy seal
prix fixe
prize court
prize money
prize ring
pro forma
pro patria
pro rata
pro tem
pro tempore
probability curve
probable cause
probable error
probate court
proboscis monkey
process shot
prochein ami
producer gas
producer goods
production line
profile drag
profit sharing
program music
projection printing
projective geometry
prolonge knot
promenade concert
promenade deck
promissory note
proof sheet
proof spirit
prop root
propanoic acid
proper fraction
proper motion
proper noun
property man
propionic acid
propjet engine
proportional representation
propositional calculus
propositional function
propter hoc
propylene glycol
prose poem
prosecuting attorney
prostate gland
protective coloration
protective tariff
proud flesh
proving ground
provost court
provost guard
provost marshal
proximity fuse
pruning hook
prussic acid
psychic energizer
psychological block
psychological moment
psychological warfare
psychopathic personality
psychosomatic medicine
pteroylglutamic acid
ptomaine poisoning
public assistance
public charge
public debt
public defender
public domain
public enemy
public house
public law
public opinion
public prosecutor
public relations
public school
public servant
public service
public utility
public works
public-address system
public-opinion poll
publishing house
pudding stone
puerperal fever
puff adder
pug nose
pull back
pull down
pull in
pull off
pull out
pull through
pull together
pull up
pullorum disease
pulmonary artery
pulmonary vein
pump gun
pump priming
pump room
punch bowl
punch line
punched tape
punching bag
punctuation mark
pup tent
puppet show
puppy love
pur sang
purchase tax
pure culture
pure line
purple gallinule
purple martin
purple medic
purple-fringed orchid
purse seine
purse strings
pursuit plane
push broom
push button
push off
push through
pussy willow
put about
put across
put aside
put away
put back
put down
put forth
put forward
put in
put off
put on
put out
put over
put through
put up
put upon
putting green
putty knife
putty powder
pyroligneous acid
pyrometric cone
pyrophosphoric acid
quack grass
quadruple time
qualitative analysis
quality control
quantitative analysis
quantity surveyor
quantum mechanics
quantum number
quantum statistics
quantum theory
quarantine flag
quarry tile
quarter crack
quarter day
quarter grain
quarter horse
quarter nelson
quarter note
quarter round
quarter section
quarter sessions
quarter tone
quartz glass
quartz lamp
quasi contract
queen bee
queen dowager
queen mother
queen olive
queen post
queen regent
queen regnant
queen's English
queen's evidence
queen's shilling
quelque chose
question mark
qui vive
quick assets
quick bread
quick fire
quick grass
quick march
quick time
quick trick
quick-change artist
quilting bee
quinic acid
quinnat salmon
quod vide
quotation mark
rabbet plane
rabbit ears
rabbit fever
rabbit punch
raccoon dog
race horse
race riot
rack railway
rack up
radar beacon
radial engine
radiant energy
radiant flux
radiant heat
radiant heating
radiation sickness
radical axis
radical sign
radio astronomy
radio beacon
radio beam
radio compass
radio control
radio frequency
radio knife
radio source
radio spectrum
radio star
radio station
radio telescope
radio tube
radio wave
radioactive decay
radioactive series
radiocarbon dating
radium emanation
radium therapy
rag doll
rag paper
rag-and-bone man
ragged robin
rain dance
rain gauge
rain tree
rain water
rainbow trout
rainy day
rake up
rally round
random access
range finder
range light
rape oil
rapid fire
rara avis
rare book
rare earth
rare gas
rat race
rat snake
rat terrier
ratchet wheel
rate-of-climb indicator
rational number
rattlesnake fern
rattlesnake plantain
raw material
raw silk
ray flower
reaction engine
reaction formation
reaction turbine
read in
read into
read out
ready money
ready reckoner
real estate
real number
real presence
real property
real wages
rear admiral
rear end
rear guard
rear sight
rear-view mirror
receiving set
reception room
reciprocal insurance
reciprocating engine
record changer
record player
recovery room
recreation room
rectangular coordinates
rectangular hyperbola
recurrent fever
red admiral
red algae
red ant
red brass
red carpet
red cent
red clay
red clover
red coral
red corpuscle
red currant
red deer
red duster
red fir
red fire
red flag
red fox
red giant
red grouse
red gum
red hat
red heat
red herring
red lead
red light
red man
red meat
red mullet
red osier
red pepper
red rag
red rose
red shift
red snapper
red squirrel
red tape
red wine
red-letter day
red-light district
reducing agent
reducing glass
reed bunting
reed grass
reed instrument
reed organ
reed pipe
reed stop
reed warbler
reef knot
reef point
reel off
reentering angle
refectory table
reference book
reference mark
referred pain
reflecting telescope
reflex angle
reflex arc
reflex camera
reform school
refracting telescope
refractive index
refresher course
regenerative cooling
register ton
registered bond
registered nurse
registered representative
registry office
regular year
rein in
reindeer moss
reinforced concrete
relapsing fever
relative aperture
relative bearing
relative density
relative frequency
relative humidity
relay race
release therapy
relief map
remand home
remittance man
remote control
repeating decimal
repertory company
repro proof
reproduction proof
requiem shark
res adjudicata
res gestae
res judicata
res publica
reserve bank
resident commissioner
resistance thermometer
resojet engine
resonant cavity
rest home
rest mass
rest room
resting place
resurrection plant
retained object
retaining wall
return ticket
returning officer
revenue cutter
revenue tariff
revolving credit
revolving door
revolving fund
rhetorical question
rheumatic fever
rheumatoid arthritis
rhinoceros beetle
rhumb line
rhyme royal
rhyme scheme
rhyming slang
rhythm method
ribbon development
ribbon worm
ribonucleic acid
ribosomal RNA
rice paper
rich rhyme
ricinoleic acid
ricinus oil
ride down
ride out
riding crop
riding habit
riding light
riding school
rifle grenade
rifle range
rig out
rig up
rigging loft
right angle
right ascension
right away
right field
right hand
right off
right triangle
right whale
right wing
right-angled triangle
right-hand man
rigor mortis
ring finger
ring in
ring out
ring ouzel
ring road
ring up
ring-necked pheasant
ring-tailed cat
ringed plover
rip cord
ripping bar
ripple mark
rise above
risk capital
ritual murder
river horse
road agent
road hog
road metal
road show
road test
robber fly
robin's-egg blue
robot bomb
robot pilot
rock bass
rock bottom
rock brake
rock candy
rock crystal
rock dove
rock garden
rock lobster
rock oil
rock pigeon
rock plant
rock salt
rock wool
rocker arm
rocket bomb
rocket engine
rocket gun
rocket launcher
rocking chair
rocking horse
rocking stone
roe deer
roentgen ray
rogue's march
rogues' gallery
roll call
roll film
roll in
roll on
roll up
rolled gold
rolled oats
rolled roast
roller bearing
roller coaster
roller skate
roller towel
rolling hitch
rolling mill
rolling pin
rolling stone
rood loft
rood screen
rood spire
roof garden
room service
rooming house
root beer
root canal
root cellar
root hair
root out
root position
root up
rope yarn
rope's end
rose acacia
rose apple
rose beetle
rose campion
rose engine
rose geranium
rose mallow
rose moss
rose quartz
rose water
rose window
rosin oil
rosy finch
rotary engine
rotary plow
rotary press
rotary pump
rough diamond
rough stuff
rough up
round clam
round dance
round hand
round lot
round out
round robin
round table
round top
round trip
rove beetle
rowing boat
rowing machine
royal blue
royal duke
royal fern
royal flush
royal jelly
royal palm
royal poinciana
royal purple
royal road
royal standard
royal tennis
rub down
rub in
rub off
rub out
rub up
rubber band
rubber cement
rubber plant
rubber stamp
rubber tree
ruby silver
ruby spinel
ruddy duck
ruffed grouse
rule out
ruling elder
rumble seat
rummage sale
rumpus room
run across
run after
run along
run around
run away
run down
run in
run into
run off
run on
run out
run over
run through
run to
run up
runcible spoon
runner bean
running board
running head
running knot
running light
running mate
running rigging
running start
running stitch
running title
rural dean
rural district
rush hour
rye bread
rye whiskey
sabbatical year
saber-toothed tiger
sable antelope
saccharic acid
sack coat
sack race
sack suit
